topic|phrase
alcohol|american spirit
alcohol|bipartisan spirit
alcohol|human spirit
alcohol|letter spirit
alcohol|public spirit
alcohol|spirit compromis
alcohol|violat spirit
alcohol|entrepreneuri spirit
alcohol|spirit bipartisanship
alcohol|spirit debat
alcohol|spiritu leader
alcohol|spirit freedom
alcohol|spirit constitut
budget|balanc trade
budget|trade balanc
budget|trade deficit
budget|campaign spend
budget|famili budget
budget|educ expens
budget|busi expens
budget|racial balanc
budget|revenu duti
budget|expenditur made
budget|independ expenditur
budget|tax expenditur
budget|increas expenditur
budget|reduc expenditur
budget|continu spend
budget|balanceofpay deficit
budget|achiev balanc
budget|balanc approach
budget|balanc bill
budget|balanc need
budget|balanc payment
budget|check balanc
budget|delic balanc
budget|need balanc
budget|requir balanc
budget|reserv balanc
budget|support balanc
budget|toward balanc
budget|unexpend balanc
budget|unoblig balanc
budget|vote balanc
budget|billion revenu
budget|travel expens
budget|revenu increasbusiness|order accommod
business|public accommod
business|tri accommod
business|coconut oil
business|soil conserv
business|soil eros
business|veget oil
business|campaign financ
business|deficit financ
business|financ campaign
business|financi aid
business|financi assist
business|financi burden
business|financi difficulti
business|financi need
business|financi resourc
business|provid financi
business|public financ
business|student financi
business|war financ
business|disast loan
business|student loan
business|farm famili
business|farm home
business|agricultur colleg
business|accommod concern
business|american soil
business|educ loan
business|bipartisan coalit
business|nation coalit
business|incom credit
business|companion legisl
business|cottonse oil
business|privat concern
business|privat first
business|privat social
business|american capit
business|architect capitol
business|capit budget
business|capit citi
business|capit expenditur
business|capit format
business|capit improv
business|capit punish
business|capit requir
business|capit ship
business|capita basi
business|capita incom
business|capitol build
business|capitol ground
business|capitol polic
business|cent capit
business|end capitol
business|front capitol
business|human capit
business|labor capit
business|nation capit
business|nation capitol
business|need capit
business|side capitol
business|state capit
business|state capitol
business|public credit
business|state busi
business|circuit nomine
business|constitu mine
business|court nomine
business|friend mine
business|govern ownership
business|gun owner
business|home owner
business|home ownership
business|isthmian canal
business|import textil
business|judici nomine
business|like mine
business|nomine presid
business|organ transplant
business|panama canal
business|plant anim
business|presid nomine
business|qualifi nomine
business|properti owner
business|salt lake
business|suez canal
crime|war crime
crime|food drug
crime|fund drug
crime|generic drug
crime|medicar drug
crime|prescript drug
crime|problem drug
crime|program drug
crime|provid drug
crime|alreadi begun
crime|just begun
crime|finish sentenc
crime|first sentenc
crime|last sentenc
crime|one sentenc
crime|second sentenc
crime|sentenc section
crime|age discrimin
crime|discriminatori practic
crime|discrimin base
crime|discrimin basi
crime|discrimin duti
crime|discrimin employ
crime|discrimin favor
crime|discrimin women
crime|elimin discrimin
crime|employ discrimin
crime|end discrimin
crime|prohibit discrimin
crime|racial discrimin
crime|sex discrimin
crime|unjust discrimin
crime|without discrimin
crime|sentenc guidelin
crime|rehabilit act
crime|rehabilit loan
crime|rural rehabilit
crime|anim drug
crime|comprehens drug
crime|drug biolog
crime|drug medic
crime|antiaircraft gun
crime|discrimin act
crime|form discrimin
crime|non discrimin
crime|drug store
crime|discrimin workplac
crime|discrimin made
crime|make discrimin
crime|institut drug
crime|keep gun
crime|american prison
crime|bureau prison
crime|feder prison
crime|polit prison
crime|prison conscienc
crime|prison construct
crime|prison industri
crime|prison labor
crime|prison popul
crime|prison system
crime|prison war
crime|state prison
crime|treatment prison
crime|war crimindefense|alarm rate
defense|allow farmer
defense|american farm
defense|american farmer
defense|armenian genocid
defense|armenian peopl
defense|assist farmer
defense|benefit farmer
defense|dairi farmer
defense|depart armi
defense|disarma agenc
defense|disarma confer
defense|earmark fund
defense|everi farmer
defense|famili farm
defense|famili farmer
defense|farm bill
defense|farm board
defense|farm bureau
defense|farm busi
defense|farm commod
defense|farm communiti
defense|farm credit
defense|farm economi
defense|farmer america
defense|farmer buy
defense|farmer consum
defense|farmer countri
defense|farmer district
defense|farmer face
defense|farmer farm
defense|farmer farmer
defense|farmer get
defense|farmer go
defense|farmer home
defense|farmer labor
defense|farmer must
defense|farmer nation
defense|farmer need
defense|farmer pay
defense|farmer produc
defense|farmer rancher
defense|farmer receiv
defense|farmer state
defense|farmer union
defense|farmer unit
defense|farmer want
defense|farm export
defense|farm famili
defense|farm home
defense|farm incom
defense|farm labor
defense|farm legisl
defense|farm loan
defense|farm machineri
defense|farm mortgag
defense|farm oper
defense|farm organ
defense|farm peopl
defense|farm polici
defense|farm popul
defense|farm problem
defense|farm produc
defense|farm product
defense|farm program
defense|farm ranch
defense|farm relief
defense|farm rural
defense|farm secur
defense|farm subsidi
defense|farm surplus
defense|farm worker
defense|feder farm
defense|give farmer
defense|global warm
defense|help farmer
defense|hold harmless
defense|incom farmer
defense|increas farm
defense|individu farmer
defense|interest farmer
defense|loan farmer
defense|mani farmer
defense|million armenian
defense|nation farmer
defense|net farm
defense|oper farm
defense|payment farmer
defense|percent farm
defense|percent farmer
defense|pharmaceut compani
defense|pharmaceut industri
defense|product farm
defense|product farmer
defense|program farmer
defense|relief farmer
defense|tobacco farmer
defense|tobacco firearm
defense|upon farm
defense|use firearm
defense|improv navig
defense|interest navig
defense|navig stream
defense|acut awar
defense|also awar
defense|attitud toward
defense|award contract
defense|awar fact
defense|awar need
defense|awar problem
defense|becom awar
defense|bill forward
defense|bring forward
defense|brought forward
defense|came forward
defense|carri forward
defense|colleagu awar
defense|come forward
defense|comput softwar
defense|contract award
defense|contribut toward
defense|direct toward
defense|drug war
defense|effort toward
defense|forward amend
defense|forward bill
defense|forward continu
defense|forward debat
defense|forward lead
defense|forward legisl
defense|forward look
defense|forward think
defense|freight forward
defense|fulli awar
defense|go forward
defense|go toward
defense|increas awar
defense|keen awar
defense|legisl forward
defense|look forward
defense|look toward
defense|made awar
defense|made toward
defense|member awar
defense|move forward
defense|movement toward
defense|move toward
defense|path toward
defense|polici toward
defense|progress toward
defense|public awar
defense|put forward
defense|rais awar
defense|search warrant
defense|servic award
defense|simpl straightforward
defense|step backward
defense|step toward
defense|toward achiev
defense|toward balanc
defense|toward democraci
defense|toward develop
defense|toward end
defense|toward goal
defense|toward improv
defense|toward meet
defense|toward reduc
defense|toward solut
defense|toward solv
defense|trade war
defense|trend toward
defense|us awar
defense|us toward
defense|view toward
defense|warn us
defense|warrant offic
defense|way toward
defense|bureau prison
defense|feder prison
defense|life imprison
defense|polit prison
defense|prison conscienc
defense|prison sentenc
defense|prison system
defense|releas prison
defense|state prison
defense|year prison
defense|busi farm
defense|caus harm
defense|dairi farm
defense|harm caus
defense|harm effect
defense|home farm
defense|paid farmer
defense|potenti harm
defense|salvat armi
defense|support farm
defense|year farm
defense|author award
defense|awar import
defense|award program
defense|award section
defense|count toward
defense|damag award
defense|educ award
defense|forward hear
defense|forward import
defense|forward see
defense|forward vote
defense|fund award
defense|goe forward
defense|head toward
defense|process forward
defense|receiv award
defense|toward ensur
defense|toward make
defense|toward nation
defense|warn system
defense|year award
defense|legal defens
defense|offens defens
defense|adequ safeguard
defense|secur guard
defense|prison industri
defense|prison labor
defense|prison term
defense|titl imprison
defense|year imprison
defense|america farmer
defense|farm area
defense|farmer incom
defense|farmer know
defense|farmer rais
defense|pass farm
defense|pay farmer
defense|valu farm
defense|countri forward
defense|forward make
defense|path forward
defense|militari academi
defense|militari veteran
defense|combat drug
defense|confeder armi
defense|effort combat
defense|great armi
defense|harm way
defense|nation farm
defense|state armi
defense|us harm
defense|way forward
defense|nondefens discretionari
defense|administr veteran
economy|conserv recoveri
economy|growth countri
economy|growth defens
economy|growth develop
economy|growth feder
economy|growth govern
economy|growth polici
economy|old growth
economy|percent growth
economy|popul growth
education|reduc acreag
education|reduc administr
education|reduc amount
education|reduc appropri
education|reduc author
education|reduc benefit
education|reduc budget
education|reduc burden
education|reduc consumpt
education|reduc cost
education|reduc crime
education|reduc debt
education|reduc defens
education|reduc deficit
education|reduc demand
education|reduc depend
education|reduc duti
education|reduc effect
education|reduc elimin
education|reduc emiss
education|reduc energi
education|reduc expenditur
education|reduc expens
education|reduc feder
education|reduc fund
education|reduc govern
education|reduc greenhous
education|reduc health
education|reduc incid
education|reduc incom
education|reduc inflat
education|reduc interest
education|reduc level
education|reduc militari
education|reduc nation
education|reduc need
education|reduc nuclear
education|reduc number
education|reduc oil
education|reduc one
education|reduc overal
education|reduc paperwork
education|reduc product
education|reduc program
education|reduc rate
education|reduc relianc
education|reduc revenu
education|reduc salari
education|reduc size
education|reduc spend
education|reduc surplus
education|reduc tariff
education|reduc tax
education|reduc threat
education|reduc time
education|reduc total
education|reduc trade
education|reduc unemploy
education|reduc wage
education|reduc wast
education|abl reduc
education|acreag reduct
education|act reduc
education|action reduc
education|actual reduc
education|agreement reduc
education|allow deduct
education|also reduc
education|amend reduc
education|arm reduct
education|attempt reduc
education|benefit reduc
education|billion reduc
education|billion reduct
education|bill reduc
education|budget reduc
education|budget reduct
education|cent reduct
education|commit reduc
education|congress reduc
education|cost reduc
education|cost reduct
education|debt reduct
education|deduct allow
education|deduct expens
education|deduct health
education|deduct tax
education|deficit reduc
education|deficit reduct
education|design reduc
education|dramat reduc
education|drastic reduc
education|drastic reduct
education|duti reduc
education|effect reduc
education|effort reduc
education|expens deduct
education|forc reduct
education|fund reduc
education|goal reduc
education|go reduc
education|govern reduc
education|great reduc
education|help reduc
education|interest deduct
education|item deduct
education|legisl reduc
education|make reduct
education|materi reduc
education|million reduct
education|must reduc
education|need reduc
education|order reduc
education|paperwork reduct
education|percent deduct
education|percent reduct
education|plan reduc
education|product reduc
education|program reduc
education|propos reduc
education|propos reduct
education|rate reduc
education|rate reduct
education|recommend reduct
education|reduct act
education|reduct amount
education|reduct appropri
education|reduct bill
education|reduct budget
education|reduct cost
education|reduct defens
education|reduct deficit
education|reduct duti
education|reduct effort
education|reduct expenditur
education|reduct feder
education|reduct forc
education|reduct fund
education|reduct made
education|reduct militari
education|reduct number
education|reduct packag
education|reduct plan
education|reduct program
education|reduct propos
education|reduct rate
education|reduct spend
education|reduct talk
education|reduct target
education|reduct tariff
education|reduct tax
education|reduct total
education|requir reduct
education|result reduc
education|result reduct
education|sharpli reduc
education|signific reduc
education|signific reduct
education|spend reduc
education|spend reduct
education|standard deduct
education|state reduc
education|step reduc
education|substanti reduc
education|substanti reduct
education|tariff reduct
education|tax deduct
education|tax reduc
education|tax reduct
education|threat reduct
education|thus reduc
education|time reduc
education|total reduct
education|toward reduc
education|tri reduc
education|us reduc
education|use reduc
education|vote reduc
education|want reduc
education|way reduc
education|year reduc
education|achiev reduct
education|alreadi reduc
education|alreadi reduc
education|charit deduct
education|crime reduct
education|deduct amoun
education|deduct contribut
education|deduct cost
education|deduct credit
education|deduct interest
education|deduct section
education|deduct self
education|demand reduct
education|dramat reduct
education|emiss reduct
education|hazard reduct
education|high deduct
education|percent reduc
education|real reduct
education|reduc air
education|reduc carbon
education|reduc pollut
education|reduc poverti
education|reduc use
education|reduct agreement
education|reduct benefit
education|reduct nuclear
education|reduct presid
education|reduct requir
education|serious reduc
education|reduc taxat
education|academi scienc
education|american academi
education|forc academi
education|militari academi
education|nation academi
education|naval academi
education|servic academi
elections|budget vote
elections|educ campaign
elections|media campaign
elections|dont vote
elections|deserv vote
elections|partylin vote
elections|vote dont
elections|vote tariff
elections|cost electr
elections|direct elect
elections|director select
elections|elect go
elections|elect govern
elections|elect governor
elections|electr bill
elections|electr car
elections|electr co
elections|electr compani
elections|electr energi
elections|electr generat
elections|electr grid
elections|electr light
elections|electr rate
elections|electr servic
elections|electr system
elections|electr util
elections|electr vehicl
elections|electrif administr
elections|electron communic
elections|electron equip
elections|electron industri
elections|electron media
elections|electron surveil
elections|first elect
elections|gas electr
elections|general electr
elections|generat electr
elections|hydroelectr project
elections|percent electr
elections|rural electr
elections|rural electrif
elections|select commiss
elections|select process
elections|select reserv
elections|select servic
elections|select subcommitte
elections|sinc elect
elections|state elect
elections|state select
elections|supervisor elect
elections|time elect
elections|unelect bureaucrat
elections|union elect
elections|use electr
elections|use electron
elections|produc electrenvironment|lake area
environment|lake citi
environment|lake st
environment|lake state
environment|salt lake
environment|bill natur
environment|bipartisan natur
environment|human natur
environment|immigr natur
environment|natur citizen
environment|expressli reserv
environment|express reserv
environment|feder reserv
environment|forc reserv
environment|gas reserv
environment|gold reserv
environment|govern reserv
environment|grain reserv
environment|guard reserv
environment|histor preserv
environment|indian reserv
environment|interest preserv
environment|member reserv
environment|militari reserv
environment|naval reserv
environment|offic reserv
environment|oil reserv
environment|order preserv
environment|organ reserv
environment|petroleum reserv
environment|preserv freedom
environment|preserv histor
environment|preserv integr
environment|protect preserv
environment|readi reserv
environment|reserv act
environment|reserv balanc
environment|reserv board
environment|reserv compon
environment|reserv corp
environment|reserv fleet
environment|reserv forc
environment|reserv fund
environment|reserv nation
environment|reserv note
environment|reserv object
environment|reserv offic
environment|reserv program
environment|reserv remaind
environment|reserv requir
environment|reserv reserv
environment|reserv state
environment|reserv system
environment|reserv unit
environment|said reserv
environment|select reserv
environment|serious reserv
environment|state reserv
environment|strateg reserv
environment|tri preserv
environment|upon reserv
environment|withdraw reserv
environment|without reserv
environment|build plant
environment|construct plant
environment|defens plant
environment|demonstr plant
environment|farmer plant
environment|generat plant
environment|industri plant
environment|manufactur plant
environment|munit plant
environment|nitrat plant
environment|nuclear plant
environment|oper plant
environment|organ transplant
environment|pilot plant
environment|plant built
environment|plant close
environment|plant construct
environment|plant corpor
environment|plant crop
environment|plant equip
environment|plant facil
environment|plant locat
environment|plant oper
environment|plant produc
environment|process plant
environment|steam plant
environment|treatment plant
environment|war plant
environment|address fundament
environment|basic fundament
environment|consum madam
environment|damag award
environment|damag caus
environment|damag destroy
environment|damag done
environment|damag nation
environment|damag result
environment|econom damag
environment|fundament chang
environment|fundament differ
environment|fundament flaw
environment|fundament freedom
environment|fundament human
environment|fundament import
environment|fundament issu
environment|fundament principl
environment|fundament problem
environment|fundament purpos
environment|fundament question
environment|fundament reform
environment|fundament right
environment|fundament wrong
environment|great damag
environment|legisl madam
environment|notr dame
environment|one fundament
environment|properti damag
environment|punit damag
environment|repair damag
environment|right fundament
environment|saddam hussein
environment|serious damag
environment|sever damag
environment|think fundament
environment|time madam
environment|trebl damag
environment|fraud wast
environment|wast fraud
environment|wast govern
environment|wast spend
environment|wast taxpay
environment|wast time
environment|american soil
environment|fertil soil
environment|foreign soil
environment|aerospac industri
environment|multipl sclerosi
environment|presid signatur
environment|safeti environment
environment|labor environment
environment|actual damag
environment|amend madam
environment|bill madam
environment|brain damag
environment|caus damag
environment|compensatori damag
environment|fundament unfair
environment|loss damag
environment|make fundament
environment|remov saddam
environment|supplement supplant
environment|privat plant
environment|plant industri
environment|safeti environ
environment|environment safeti
environment|govern plant
environment|take plant
environment|product soil
environment|damag economi
environment|potenti damag
environment|war damag
environment|econom climat
environment|econom environ
environment|dollar wast
environment|elimin wast
environment|go wast
environment|govern wast
environment|wast extravag
environment|wast feder
environment|wast ineffici
environment|wast bill
environment|wast abus
environment|wast polici
environment|conserv estim
environment|conserv liber
environment|conserv measur
environment|fiscal conserv
environment|liber conserv
environment|nation conserv
environment|polici conserv
federalism|british govern
federalism|canadian govern
federalism|foreign govern
federalism|german govern
federalism|interest govern
federalism|intergovernment relat
federalism|japanes govern
federalism|mexican govern
federalism|soviet govern
federalism|turkish govern
federalism|chief execut
federalism|congress execut
federalism|execut agenc
federalism|execut agreement
federalism|execut depart
federalism|execut director
federalism|execut legisl
federalism|execut offic
federalism|execut order
federalism|regular appropri
federalism|regular armi
federalism|regular basi
federalism|accord statement
federalism|arab state
federalism|baltic state
federalism|identifi statement
federalism|impact statement
federalism|made statement
federalism|open statement
federalism|particular state
federalism|peopl state
federalism|percent state
federalism|permit state
federalism|statement distinguish
federalism|statement insert
federalism|statement just
federalism|statement record
federalism|statement refer
federalism|statement regard
federalism|two state
federalism|southern africa
federalism|admit union
federalism|credit union
federalism|european union
federalism|farmer union
federalism|labor union
federalism|soviet union
federalism|trade union
federalism|union pacif
federalism|union shop
federalism|union soviet
federalism|senior execut
federalism|russian feder
federalism|current state
federalism|financi statement
federalism|includ statement
federalism|public statement
federalism|statement administr
federalism|statement make
federalism|federalaid highway
federalism|unit statessoviet
federalism|agricultur state
federalism|bill feder
federalism|feder workforc
federalism|member union
federalism|disarma agenc
foreign|activ duti
foreign|cent duti
foreign|compensatori duti
foreign|countervail duti
foreign|devot duti
foreign|dutiabl list
foreign|duti perform
foreign|duti propos
foreign|duti respons
foreign|administr said
foreign|ago said
foreign|aid educ
foreign|aid highway
foreign|alreadi said
foreign|also said
foreign|benefit paid
foreign|bill said
foreign|came said
foreign|colleagu said
foreign|congress said
foreign|court said
foreign|econom aid
foreign|feder aid
foreign|financi aid
foreign|get paid
foreign|just said
foreign|leader said
foreign|legal aid
foreign|lie said
foreign|medicaid program
foreign|medicar medicaid
foreign|much said
foreign|paid feder
foreign|paid govern
foreign|paid tax
foreign|paid treasuri
foreign|peopl said
foreign|presid said
foreign|said act
foreign|said believ
foreign|said commiss
foreign|said compani
foreign|said court
foreign|said don
foreign|said done
foreign|said earlier
foreign|said floor
foreign|said go
foreign|said just
foreign|said know
foreign|said last
foreign|said look
foreign|said mani
foreign|said moment
foreign|said need
foreign|said one
foreign|said presid
foreign|said said
foreign|said think
foreign|said time
foreign|said want
foreign|said yesterday
foreign|salari paid
foreign|state said
foreign|student aid
foreign|tax paid
foreign|thing said
foreign|time said
foreign|us said
foreign|wage paid
foreign|year said
foreign|accord nation
foreign|across nation
foreign|address nation
foreign|administr nation
foreign|among nation
foreign|area nation
foreign|around nation
foreign|associ nation
foreign|author nation
foreign|believ nation
foreign|benefit nation
foreign|captiv nation
foreign|citizen nation
foreign|commit nation
foreign|communiti nation
foreign|concern nation
foreign|congress nation
foreign|contribut nation
foreign|cost nation
foreign|creat nation
foreign|critic nation
foreign|defend nation
foreign|defens nation
foreign|design nation
foreign|develop nation
foreign|director nation
foreign|economi nation
foreign|educ nation
foreign|effect nation
foreign|ensur nation
foreign|entir nation
foreign|essenti nation
foreign|establish nation
foreign|european nation
foreign|everi nation
foreign|face nation
foreign|farmer nation
foreign|favor nation
foreign|first nation
foreign|fund nation
foreign|futur nation
foreign|govern nation
foreign|great nation
foreign|histori nation
foreign|import nation
foreign|improv nation
foreign|includ nation
foreign|increas nation
foreign|independ nation
foreign|industri nation
foreign|interest nation
foreign|issu nation
foreign|made nation
foreign|make nation
foreign|mani nation
foreign|meet nation
foreign|nation academi
foreign|nation advisori
foreign|nation aeronaut
foreign|nation airport
foreign|nation also
foreign|nation associ
foreign|nation averag
foreign|nation cancer
foreign|nation capit
foreign|nation cemeteri
foreign|nation center
foreign|nation charter
foreign|nation commiss
foreign|nation commit
foreign|nation communiti
foreign|nation concern
foreign|nation confer
foreign|nation congress
foreign|nation continu
foreign|nation convent
foreign|nation council
foreign|nation debt
foreign|nation defens
foreign|nation develop
foreign|nation drug
foreign|nation earth
foreign|nation econom
foreign|nation economi
foreign|nation educ
foreign|nation effort
foreign|nation emerg
foreign|nation endow
foreign|nation energi
foreign|nation environment
foreign|nation face
foreign|nation feder
foreign|nation forest
foreign|nation general
foreign|nation goal
foreign|nation govern
foreign|nation governor
foreign|nation great
foreign|nation health
foreign|nation heritag
foreign|nation highway
foreign|nation histor
foreign|nation import
foreign|nation incom
foreign|nation independ
foreign|nation institut
foreign|nation interest
foreign|nation intern
foreign|nation labor
foreign|nation laboratori
foreign|nation leagu
foreign|nation level
foreign|nation life
foreign|nation mani
foreign|nation monument
foreign|nation must
foreign|nation nation
foreign|nation need
foreign|nation ocean
foreign|nation one
foreign|nation organ
foreign|nation origin
foreign|nation peopl
foreign|nation polici
foreign|nation presid
foreign|nation prioriti
foreign|nation problem
foreign|nation product
foreign|nation program
foreign|nation prohibit
foreign|nation recreat
foreign|nation resourc
foreign|nation school
foreign|nation scienc
foreign|nation secur
foreign|nation standard
foreign|nation state
foreign|nation status
foreign|nation time
foreign|nation trade
foreign|nation transport
foreign|nation unit
foreign|nation whole
foreign|nation wide
foreign|nation wildlif
foreign|nation world
foreign|need nation
foreign|offic nation
foreign|one nation
foreign|peopl nation
foreign|percent nation
foreign|throughout nation
foreign|amend budget
foreign|balanc budget
foreign|billion budget
foreign|budget agreement
foreign|budget also
foreign|budget amend
foreign|budget author
foreign|budget balanc
foreign|budget bill
foreign|budget budget
foreign|budget bureau
foreign|budget congress
foreign|budget constraint
foreign|budget control
foreign|budget deficit
foreign|budget estim
foreign|budget figur
foreign|budget fiscal
foreign|budget go
foreign|budget messag
foreign|budget offic
foreign|budget one
foreign|budget outlay
foreign|budget plan
foreign|budget presid
foreign|budget process
foreign|budget propos
foreign|budget provid
foreign|budget recommend
foreign|budget reconcili
foreign|budget request
foreign|budget resolut
foreign|budget surplus
foreign|budget think
foreign|budget year
foreign|bureau budget
foreign|concurr budget
foreign|congression budget
foreign|current budget
foreign|defens budget
foreign|director budget
foreign|feder budget
foreign|first budget
foreign|fund budget
foreign|get budget
foreign|increas budget
foreign|manag budget
foreign|member budget
foreign|million budget
foreign|omnibus budget
foreign|pass budget
foreign|percent budget
foreign|presid budget
foreign|program budget
foreign|propos budget
foreign|reduc budget
foreign|report budget
foreign|support budget
foreign|time budget
foreign|total budget
foreign|unifi budget
foreign|vote budget
foreign|within budget
foreign|year budget
foreign|improv navig
foreign|navig stream
foreign|energi independ
foreign|hud independ
foreign|independ agenc
foreign|independ busi
foreign|independ counsel
foreign|independ offic
foreign|independ produc
foreign|attitud toward
foreign|awar fact
foreign|awar problem
foreign|becom awar
foreign|bill forward
foreign|bring forward
foreign|carri forward
foreign|colleagu awar
foreign|come forward
foreign|contract award
foreign|contribut toward
foreign|direct toward
foreign|effort toward
foreign|forward bill
foreign|forward continu
foreign|forward look
foreign|fulli awar
foreign|go forward
foreign|look forward
foreign|move forward
foreign|move toward
foreign|progress toward
foreign|public awar
foreign|put forward
foreign|search warrant
foreign|step toward
foreign|toward end
foreign|toward goal
foreign|trend toward
foreign|hiv aid
foreign|constitut duti
foreign|duti congress
foreign|offici duti
foreign|aid epidem
foreign|countri said
foreign|offic said
foreign|offici said
foreign|one said
foreign|percent said
foreign|said like
foreign|said peopl
foreign|said quot
foreign|said someth
foreign|said thing
foreign|independ review
foreign|independ expenditur
foreign|federalaid highway
foreign|amount duti
foreign|charg duti
foreign|public duti
foreign|revenu duti
foreign|paid back
foreign|repeat said
foreign|said dont
foreign|said lie
foreign|tribut paid
foreign|anniversari independ
foreign|contract author
foreign|contract govern
foreign|contract author
foreign|contract govern
foreign|contract made
foreign|defens contract
foreign|defens contractor
foreign|enter contract
foreign|feder contract
foreign|govern contract
foreign|make contract
foreign|bless troop
foreign|bring troop
foreign|combat troop
foreign|support troop
government|african govern
government|british govern
government|canadian govern
government|chines govern
government|govern china
government|govern cuba
government|govern nicaragua
government|japanes govern
government|mexican govern
government|militari govern
government|nicaraguan govern
government|nongovernment organ
government|philippin govern
government|russian govern
government|soviet govern
government|tribal govern
government|turkish govern
government|vietnames govern
government|author depart
government|corpor welfar
government|cuban govern
government|govern mexico
government|govern philippin
government|govern sudan
government|iraqi govern
government|govern panama
government|iranian govern
government|polish govern
government|depart go
government|depart one
government|depart said
government|oper depart
government|postoffic depart
government|quartermast depart
government|secur depart
government|federalaid highway
government|highway commiss
government|medicaid servic
government|benefitcost ratio
government|costbenefit analysi
government|guarante benefit
government|minimum benefit
government|center medicar
government|chang medicar
government|medicar advantag
government|medicar go
government|medicar medicar
government|medicar recipi
government|medicar senior
government|protect medicar
government|senior medicar
government|strengthen medicar
government|tradit medicar
government|year medicar
government|privaci civil
government|econom stimulus
government|addit benefit
government|also benefit
government|benefit accru
government|benefit consum
government|benefit cost
government|benefit countri
government|benefit current
government|benefit deriv
government|benefit doubt
government|benefit employe
government|benefit everi
government|benefit colleagu
government|benefit go
government|benefit great
government|benefit packag
government|cost benefit
government|drug benefit
government|econom benefit
government|without benefit
government|defin benefit
government|deni benefit
government|direct benefit
government|employe benefit
government|fring benefit
government|get benefit
government|give benefit
government|go benefit
government|great benefit
government|health benefit
government|increas benefit
government|lung benefit
government|insur benefit
government|full benefit
government|mani benefit
government|peopl benefit
government|percent benefit
government|reap benefit
government|receiv benefit
government|reduc benefit
government|secur benefit
government|wage benefit
government|survivor benefit
government|tax benefit
government|benefit unit
government|benefit worker
health|healthi economi
health|began career
health|career crimin
health|career public
health|career servic
health|care think
health|care thought
health|care unemploy
health|care unit
health|care want
health|care whether
health|colleagu care
health|congression career
health|distinguish career
health|examin care
health|famili care
health|give care
health|given care
health|great care
health|institut care
health|issu care
health|legisl care
health|listen care
health|look care
health|made care
health|matter care
health|militari career
health|polit career
health|provid care
health|public career
health|scare tactic
health|studi care
health|take care
health|taken care
health|term care
health|think care
health|throughout career
health|time care
health|took care
health|year career
health|nation archiv
health|care also
health|care anyth
health|care concern
health|care consid
health|care consider
health|care deepli
health|care enough
health|care everi
health|care import
health|care just
health|care know
health|care less
health|care much
health|care must
health|get care
health|must care
health|need care
health|realli care
health|financi health
health|care environ
health|care entiti
health|care militari
health|profession career
health|pursu career
health|presid health
health|care guard
health|care million
health|care without
health|career educ
health|dont care
health|legal career
health|without care
health|profession career
health|institut care
health|colleagu care
health|listen care
health|think care
health|profession career
health|term care
health|given care
health|career public
health|polit career
health|care must
health|busi health
health|go health
health|keep health
health|know health
health|like health
health|lost health
health|put health
health|care dont
health|econom health
health|health economi
health|environment health
health|health environ
health|health environment
health|job health
health|cell phone
health|fuel cell
immigration|alien countri
immigration|alien properti
immigration|crimin alien
immigration|deport alien
immigration|illeg alien
immigration|inalien right
immigration|undocu alien
immigration|abid citizen
immigration|allow citizen
immigration|american citizen
immigration|american citizenship
immigration|averag citizen
immigration|becom citizen
immigration|citizen across
immigration|citizen also
immigration|citizen america
immigration|citizen countri
immigration|citizen district
immigration|citizen everi
immigration|citizen go
immigration|citizen govern
immigration|citizen great
immigration|citizen group
immigration|citizen mani
immigration|citizen must
immigration|citizen nation
immigration|citizen need
immigration|citizen one
immigration|citizen particip
immigration|citizen pay
immigration|citizen resid
immigration|citizen right
immigration|citizen soldier
immigration|citizen state
immigration|citizen suit
immigration|citizen unit
immigration|citizen vote
immigration|citizen want
immigration|citizen whose
immigration|class citizen
immigration|concern citizen
immigration|disabl citizen
immigration|distinguish citizen
immigration|everi citizen
immigration|group citizen
immigration|handicap citizen
immigration|individu citizen
immigration|interest citizen
immigration|jewish citizen
immigration|local citizen
immigration|loyal citizen
immigration|mani citizen
immigration|million citizen
immigration|need citizen
immigration|negro citizen
immigration|number citizen
immigration|older citizen
immigration|ordinari citizen
immigration|other citizen
immigration|outstand citizen
immigration|patriot citizen
immigration|privat citizen
immigration|product citizen
immigration|properti citizen
immigration|protect citizen
immigration|provid citizen
immigration|public citizen
immigration|respons citizen
immigration|right citizen
immigration|senior citizen
immigration|agent foreign
immigration|agreement foreign
immigration|aid foreign
immigration|area foreign
immigration|assist foreign
immigration|author foreign
immigration|bill foreign
immigration|bipartisan foreign
immigration|bureau foreign
immigration|commerc foreign
immigration|compet foreign
immigration|competit foreign
immigration|conduct foreign
immigration|control foreign
immigration|cost foreign
immigration|countri foreign
immigration|defens foreign
immigration|depend foreign
immigration|dollar foreign
immigration|domest foreign
immigration|effect foreign
immigration|engag foreign
immigration|foreign affair
immigration|foreign agent
immigration|foreign agricultur
immigration|foreign aid
immigration|foreign articl
immigration|foreign assist
immigration|foreign built
immigration|foreign capit
immigration|foreign claim
immigration|foreign compani
immigration|foreign competit
immigration|foreign competitor
immigration|foreign corpor
immigration|foreign countri
immigration|foreign currenc
immigration|foreign debt
immigration|foreign domest
immigration|foreign econom
immigration|foreign energi
immigration|foreign exchang
immigration|foreign firm
immigration|foreign flag
immigration|foreign govern
immigration|foreign import
immigration|foreign intellig
immigration|foreign interest
immigration|foreign invest
immigration|foreign investor
immigration|foreign labor
immigration|foreign loan
immigration|foreign made
immigration|foreign mail
immigration|foreign manufactur
immigration|foreign militari
immigration|foreign minist
immigration|foreign nation
immigration|foreign offici
immigration|foreign oil
immigration|foreign oper
immigration|foreign polici
immigration|foreign port
immigration|foreign produc
immigration|foreign product
immigration|foreign sale
immigration|foreign servic
immigration|foreign ship
immigration|foreign soil
immigration|foreign sourc
immigration|foreign state
immigration|foreign tax
immigration|foreign terrorist
immigration|foreign trade
immigration|foreign travel
immigration|foreign war
immigration|foreign wool
immigration|go foreign
immigration|govern foreign
immigration|import foreign
immigration|increas foreign
immigration|interest foreign
immigration|issu foreign
immigration|made foreign
immigration|make foreign
immigration|matter foreign
immigration|member foreign
immigration|nation foreign
immigration|open foreign
immigration|oper foreign
immigration|paid foreign
immigration|polici foreign
immigration|presid foreign
immigration|product foreign
immigration|program foreign
immigration|protect foreign
immigration|provid foreign
immigration|relat foreign
immigration|relianc foreign
immigration|requir foreign
immigration|respect foreign
immigration|secur foreign
immigration|servic foreign
immigration|ship foreign
immigration|soviet foreign
immigration|state foreign
immigration|subcommitte foreign
immigration|support foreign
immigration|upon foreign
immigration|use foreign
immigration|veteran foreign
immigration|vote foreign
immigration|year foreign
immigration|illeg drug
immigration|illeg narcot
immigration|make illeg
immigration|problem illeg
immigration|use illeg
immigration|foreign air
immigration|foreign subsidiari
immigration|foreign supplier
immigration|foreign troop
immigration|purchas foreign
immigration|repres foreign
immigration|subsid foreign
immigration|tax foreign
immigration|illeg use
immigration|citizen american
immigration|lawabid citizen
immigration|one citizen
immigration|upon citizen
immigration|cheap foreign
immigration|concern foreign
immigration|direct foreign
immigration|foreignaid bill
immigration|foreignaid program
immigration|fund foreign
immigration|give foreign
immigration|loan foreign
immigration|unfair foreign
immigration|citizen believ
immigration|citizen constitut
immigration|citizen disabl
immigration|citizen legal
immigration|citizen make
immigration|citizen subject
immigration|countri citizen
immigration|nation citizen
immigration|natur citizen
immigration|opportun citizen
immigration|peopl citizen
immigration|safeti citizen
immigration|secondclass citizen
immigration|servic citizen
immigration|soviet citizen
immigration|state citizen
immigration|thousand citizen
immigration|vulner citizen
immigration|unalien right
immigration|foreign vessel
justice|mail clerk
justice|postal clerk
justice|clinic trial
justice|best brightest
justice|brighter futur
justice|colleagu right
justice|away right
justice|back right
justice|copyright owner
justice|done right
justice|far right
justice|feel right
justice|get right
justice|given right
justice|go right
justice|goe right
justice|happen right
justice|just right
justice|left right
justice|lie right
justice|look right
justice|made right
justice|make right
justice|move right
justice|much right
justice|quit right
justice|right answer
justice|right approach
justice|right away
justice|right back
justice|start right
justice|step right
justice|that right
justice|thing right
justice|think right
justice|thought right
justice|way right
justice|whether right
labor|compensatori duti
labor|compensatori educ
labor|air strike
labor|first strike
labor|strike balanc
labor|strike forc
labor|commerc act
labor|commerc also
labor|commerc among
labor|commerc claus
labor|commerc commiss
labor|commerc countri
labor|commerc depart
labor|commerci aircraft
labor|commerci develop
labor|commerci industri
labor|commerc justic
labor|commerc state
labor|commerc unit
labor|depart commerc
labor|domest commerc
labor|energi commerc
labor|industri commerci
labor|interst commerc
labor|regul commerc
labor|secretari commerc
labor|trade commerc
labor|done job
labor|agre pay
labor|also pay
labor|feder pay
labor|feder payment
labor|feder taxpay
labor|increas pay
labor|individu taxpay
labor|interest payment
labor|mail pay
labor|medicar payment
labor|pay bill
labor|pay claim
labor|pay colleg
labor|pay increas
labor|pay interest
labor|payment claim
labor|payment debt
labor|payment deficit
labor|payment feder
labor|payment interest
labor|payment lieu
labor|payment limit
labor|payment made
labor|payment poll
labor|payment posit
labor|payment problem
labor|payment program
labor|payment state
labor|payment system
labor|payment tax
labor|pay mortgag
labor|pay offic
labor|pay one
labor|pay pay
labor|pay peopl
labor|pay premium
labor|pay program
labor|pay respect
labor|pay social
labor|pay special
labor|pay us
labor|pay war
labor|pay way
labor|peopl pay
labor|plan pay
labor|program pay
labor|prospect payment
labor|protect taxpay
labor|provid payment
labor|repay loan
labor|requir pay
labor|requir payment
labor|save taxpay
labor|secur payment
labor|speci payment
labor|spend taxpay
labor|subsidi payment
labor|support payment
labor|tax pay
labor|taxpay bill
labor|taxpay countri
labor|taxpay dollar
labor|tax payer
labor|taxpay expens
labor|taxpay fund
labor|taxpay go
labor|tax payment
labor|taxpay nation
labor|taxpay pay
labor|taxpay unit
labor|treasuri pay
labor|use taxpay
labor|wast taxpay
labor|european union
labor|intern union
labor|interparliamentari union
labor|soviet union
labor|union address
labor|union armi
labor|union pacif
labor|union soldier
labor|union soviet
labor|union state
labor|union station
labor|western union
labor|assist payment
labor|author payment
labor|averag taxpay
labor|american taxpay
labor|advanc payment
labor|balanc payment
labor|billion taxpay
labor|cash payment
labor|disast payment
labor|defici payment
labor|incom taxpay
labor|million taxpay
labor|mortgag payment
labor|nation taxpay
labor|payment farmer
labor|percent taxpay
labor|receiv payment
labor|pay attent
labor|pay back
labor|pay debt
labor|pay rent
labor|compensatori damag
labor|indemn compens
labor|collabor effort
labor|feder laboratori
labor|strike subsect
labor|strike subparagraph
labor|strike semicolon
labor|strike period
labor|strike item
labor|sentenc strike
labor|dollar taxpay
labor|expens taxpay
labor|paid taxpay
labor|physician payment
labor|program payment
labor|repay debt
labor|repay program
labor|state taxpay
labor|taxpay get
labor|taxpay subsidi
labor|taxpay taxabl
labor|year taxpay
labor|talk job
labor|american union
labor|balanceofpay deficit
labor|balanceofpay problem
labor|budget pay
labor|dont pay
labor|pay farmer
labor|pay freight
labor|pay lot
labor|pay thing
labor|promis pay
labor|propos pay
labor|purpos pay
labor|struggl pay
labor|retir bill
labor|retir congress
labor|civilservic employe
labor|wage war
labor|job presid
labor|middleincom taxpay
labor|admit union
labor|credit union
labor|union nationmail|.
minorities|african countri
minorities|african develop
minorities|african govern
minorities|african nation
minorities|equal tax
minorities|state equal
minorities|treat equal
minorities|upon equal
minorities|noth whatev
minorities|take whatev
minorities|whatev action
minorities|whatev amount
minorities|whatev els
minorities|whatev happen
minorities|whatev might
minorities|whatev reason
minorities|whatev take
minorities|whatev want
minorities|indian ocean
minorities|american right
minorities|best brightest
minorities|bill right
minorities|brighter futur
minorities|compani right
minorities|concern right
minorities|congress right
minorities|consum right
minorities|copyright owner
minorities|made right
minorities|employe right
minorities|employ right
minorities|feel right
minorities|far right
minorities|go right
minorities|happen right
minorities|human right
minorities|job right
minorities|just right
minorities|legisl right
minorities|legitim right
minorities|lie right
minorities|limit right
minorities|patent right
minorities|move right
minorities|labor right
minorities|made right
minorities|move right
minorities|left right
minorities|place right
minorities|right along
minorities|right also
minorities|right cours
minorities|right interest
minorities|right home
minorities|right action
minorities|polit right
minorities|presid right
minorities|privaci right
minorities|privat right
minorities|properti right
minorities|right answer
minorities|right appeal
minorities|right approach
minorities|right around
minorities|right away
minorities|right back
minorities|right balanc
minorities|right believ
minorities|right certain
minorities|right china
minorities|right choic
minorities|right choos
minorities|right divis
minorities|right duti
minorities|right emigr
minorities|right employe
minorities|right exist
minorities|right expect
minorities|right express
minorities|right fact
minorities|right first
minorities|right fix
minorities|right front
minorities|right heart
minorities|right measur
minorities|right must
minorities|right nation
minorities|right need
minorities|right oblig
minorities|right one
minorities|right organ
minorities|right other
minorities|right parti
minorities|right pass
minorities|right place
minorities|right point
minorities|right polici
minorities|right practic
minorities|right present
minorities|right privaci
minorities|right privat
minorities|right program
minorities|right proper
minorities|right properti
minorities|right put
minorities|right question
minorities|right reason
minorities|right record
minorities|right regul
minorities|right respect
minorities|right respons
minorities|right said
minorities|right self
minorities|right side
minorities|right situat
minorities|right soviet
minorities|right state
minorities|right strike
minorities|right sue
minorities|right support
minorities|right take
minorities|right talk
minorities|right target
minorities|right thing
minorities|right think
minorities|right time
minorities|right titl
minorities|right track
minorities|right treati
minorities|right trial
minorities|right unit
minorities|right upon
minorities|right us
minorities|right use
minorities|right victim
minorities|right violat
minorities|right want
minorities|right way
minorities|right wing
minorities|right without
minorities|right worker
minorities|right wrong
minorities|said right
minorities|secur right
minorities|see right
minorities|someth right
minorities|sovereign right
minorities|stand right
minorities|start right
minorities|state right
minorities|step right
minorities|support right
minorities|sure right
minorities|system right
minorities|take right
minorities|talk right
minorities|thing right
minorities|think right
minorities|thought right
minorities|time right
minorities|treati right
minorities|tri right
minorities|upon right
minorities|us right
minorities|war right
minorities|way right
minorities|whether right
minorities|worker right
minorities|year right
minorities|govern philippin
minorities|philippin govern
minorities|philippin island
minorities|state philippin
minorities|color oleomargarin
minorities|done right
minorities|everi right
minorities|get right
minorities|make right
minorities|right just
minorities|right keep
minorities|right know
minorities|crown jewel
minorities|colorect cancer
minorities|equal one
minorities|equal greater
minorities|equal product
minorities|equal sum
minorities|purpos whatev
minorities|whatev necessari
minorities|rate equal
minorities|year equal
minorities|act right
minorities|act right
minorities|busi right
minorities|copyright offic
minorities|easement right
minorities|head right
minorities|look right
minorities|much right
minorities|put right
minorities|right access
minorities|right across
minorities|right counsel
minorities|taxpay right
minorities|equal gold
minorities|doubt whatev
minorities|jewish state
minorities|acquir right
minorities|bargain right
minorities|children right
minorities|determin right
minorities|economi right
minorities|patient right
minorities|right assum
minorities|right bear
minorities|right dont
minorities|right emin
minorities|right enter
minorities|right petit
minorities|right presid
minorities|right selfdefens
minorities|right selfdetermin
minorities|right subcommitte
minorities|right tax
minorities|that right
minorities|tile right
minorities|union right
minorities|discrimin made
minorities|make discrimin
minorities|american woman
minorities|colleagu congresswoman
minorities|everi woman
minorities|first woman
minorities|one woman
minorities|woman name
minorities|woman serv
minorities|abridg right
minorities|absolut right
minorities|america right
minorities|assert right
minorities|away right
minorities|back right
minorities|basic right
minorities|believ right
minorities|care right
minorities|certain right
minorities|citizen right
minorities|claim right
minorities|colleagu right
minorities|come right
minorities|commiss right
minorities|constitut right
minorities|countri right
minorities|court right
minorities|defend right
minorities|deni right
minorities|denial right
minorities|deserv right
minorities|enforc right
minorities|enjoy right
minorities|ensur right
minorities|entir right
minorities|exact right
minorities|exclus right
minorities|exercis right
minorities|exist right
minorities|fact right
minorities|famili right
minorities|fight right
minorities|find right
minorities|freedom right
minorities|fundament right
minorities|give right
minorities|given right
minorities|goe right
minorities|got right
minorities|govern right
minorities|guarante right
minorities|import right
minorities|inalien right
minorities|includ right
minorities|individu right
minorities|issu right
minorities|know right
minorities|moral right
minorities|nation right
minorities|natur right
minorities|need right
minorities|one right
minorities|opportun right
minorities|parent right
minorities|peopl right
minorities|preserv right
minorities|problem right
minorities|process right
minorities|program right
minorities|protect right
minorities|provid right
minorities|public right
minorities|quit right
minorities|recogn right
minorities|respect right
minorities|restrict right
minorities|retain right
minorities|right america
minorities|right american
minorities|right belong
minorities|right bill
minorities|right children
minorities|right citizen
minorities|right civil
minorities|right claim
minorities|right come
minorities|right commiss
minorities|right concern
minorities|right congress
minorities|right constitut
minorities|right continu
minorities|right control
minorities|right countri
minorities|right defend
minorities|right democraci
minorities|right deni
minorities|right determin
minorities|right direct
minorities|right enforc
minorities|right even
minorities|right feder
minorities|right freedom
minorities|right fundament
minorities|right get
minorities|right give
minorities|right given
minorities|right govern
minorities|right group
minorities|right guarante
minorities|right human
minorities|right import
minorities|right includ
minorities|right individu
minorities|right intern
minorities|right issu
minorities|right justic
minorities|right labor
minorities|right leader
minorities|right left
minorities|right legisl
minorities|right liberti
minorities|right life
minorities|right mani
minorities|right matter
minorities|right men
minorities|right middl
minorities|right movement
minorities|right particip
minorities|right peopl
minorities|right problem
minorities|right provid
minorities|right provis
minorities|right public
minorities|right religi
minorities|right set
minorities|right tri
minorities|speech right
minorities|strike right
minorities|surrend right
minorities|unalien right
minorities|victim right
minorities|violat right
minorities|want right
minorities|right abus
money|silver mine
money|silver produc
money|silver star
money|tax dollar
money|taxpay dollar
money|advanc payment
money|annual payment
money|assist payment
money|author payment
money|balanc payment
money|benefit payment
money|compens payment
money|conserv payment
money|defici payment
money|direct payment
money|disabl payment
money|disast payment
money|feder payment
money|govern payment
money|incent payment
money|increas payment
money|interest payment
money|limit payment
money|medicar payment
money|mortgag payment
money|payment benefit
money|payment claim
money|payment debt
money|payment deficit
money|payment farmer
money|payment feder
money|payment interest
money|payment lieu
money|payment limit
money|payment made
money|payment pension
money|payment poll
money|payment posit
money|payment problem
money|payment program
money|payment rate
money|payment situat
money|payment state
money|payment tax
money|physician payment
money|program payment
money|prospect payment
money|provid payment
money|receiv payment
money|requir payment
money|royalti payment
money|secur payment
money|speci payment
money|subsidi payment
money|support payment
money|tax payment
money|time payment
money|welfar payment
money|without payment
money|final note
money|happi note
money|import note
money|interest note
money|just note
money|like note
money|might note
money|must note
money|note also
money|note amend
money|note earlier
money|note fact
money|note howev
money|note issu
money|note mani
money|note one
money|note presid
money|note recent
money|note record
money|note report
money|pleas note
money|presid note
money|report note
money|signific note
money|state note
money|take note
money|want note
money|worth note
money|billion dollar
money|earn dollar
money|everi dollar
money|multibillion dollar
money|multimillion dollar
money|hundr dollar
money|one dollar
money|thousand dollar
money|trillion dollar
money|cash flow
money|paid cash
money|pay cash
money|singl dollar
money|silver bullet
money|dollar debt
money|dollar deficit
money|gold star
money|research dollar
money|defer payment
money|fund payment
money|includ payment
money|minimum payment
money|payment adjust
money|payment amount
money|payment due
money|payment go
money|payment hospit
money|payment increas
money|payment individu
money|payment provid
money|payment receiv
money|payment section
money|payment servic
money|addit payment
money|amount payment
money|car payment
money|percent payment
money|period payment
money|rental payment
money|servic payment
money|sum payment
money|make note
money|million silver
money|pay silver
money|product silver
money|silver basi
money|silver countri
money|dollar govern
money|hardearn dollar
money|equal gold
money|goldman sach
money|product gold
money|standard gold
money|improp payment
money|note legisl
money|special note
money|worthi note
religion|accept administr
religion|act administr
religion|action administr
religion|addit administr
religion|adjust administr
religion|administ act
religion|administ agenc
religion|administ depart
religion|administ feder
religion|administ program
religion|administr account
religion|administr act
religion|administr action
religion|administr administr
religion|administr age
religion|administr agenc
religion|administr agre
religion|administr allow
religion|administr alreadi
religion|administr also
religion|administr announc
religion|administr approv
religion|administr assist
religion|administr attempt
religion|administr author
religion|administr believ
religion|administr bill
religion|administr budget
religion|administr burden
religion|administr came
religion|administr chang
religion|administr claim
religion|administr come
religion|administr commit
religion|administr concern
religion|administr confer
religion|administr congress
religion|administr consid
religion|administ secretari
religion|administ state
religion|administr continu
religion|administr cost
religion|administr depart
religion|administr determin
religion|administr develop
religion|administr done
religion|administr effort
religion|administr enforc
religion|administr environment
religion|administr epa
religion|administr establish
religion|administr estim
religion|administr even
religion|administr expens
religion|administr fact
religion|administr fail
religion|administr feder
religion|administr first
religion|administr fiscal
religion|administr follow
religion|administr fund
religion|administr general
religion|administr get
religion|administr give
religion|administr given
religion|administr go
religion|administr govern
religion|administr hospit
religion|administr howev
religion|administr includ
religion|administr increas
religion|administr indic
religion|administr issu
religion|administr just
religion|administr justic
religion|administr know
religion|administr last
religion|administr legisl
religion|administr like
religion|administr loan
religion|administr made
religion|administr make
religion|administr mani
religion|administr measur
religion|administr medic
religion|administr move
religion|administr must
religion|administr nasa
religion|administr nation
religion|administr need
religion|administr negoti
religion|administr object
religion|administr offic
religion|administr offici
religion|administr one
religion|administr oper
religion|administr oppos
religion|administr order
religion|administr plan
religion|administr polici
religion|administr posit
religion|administr practic
religion|administr present
religion|administr presid
religion|administr problem
religion|administr procedur
religion|administr proceed
religion|administr process
religion|administr program
religion|administr propos
religion|administr provid
religion|administr provis
religion|administr public
religion|administr put
religion|administr recent
religion|administr recogn
religion|administr recommend
religion|administr refus
religion|administr regul
religion|administr report
religion|administr request
religion|administr requir
religion|administr respons
religion|administr review
religion|administr said
religion|administr secretari
religion|administr seek
religion|administr seem
religion|administr servic
religion|administr set
religion|administr sinc
religion|administr spokesmen
religion|administr state
religion|administr still
religion|administr submit
religion|administr support
religion|administr take
religion|administr taken
religion|administr talk
religion|administr think
religion|administr time
religion|administr took
religion|administr tri
religion|administr urg
religion|administr use
religion|administr veteran
religion|administr want
religion|administr wit
religion|aeronaut administr
religion|agenc administ
religion|agenc administr
religion|agre administr
religion|agreement administr
religion|aid administr
religion|allow administr
religion|amend administr
religion|approv administr
religion|assist administr
religion|atmospher administr
religion|author administr
religion|aviat administr
religion|behalf administr
religion|believ administr
religion|bill administr
religion|billion administr
religion|budget administr
religion|busi administr
religion|chang administr
religion|charg administr
religion|clear administr
religion|concern administr
religion|congress administr
religion|control administr
religion|cost administr
religion|credit administr
religion|critic administr
religion|current administr
religion|defens minist
religion|depart administr
religion|deputi administr
religion|develop administr
religion|direct administr
religion|drug administr
religion|effect administr
religion|effici administr
religion|effort administr
religion|eisenhow administr
religion|electrif administr
religion|enforc administr
religion|epa administr
religion|even administr
religion|export administr
religion|fact administr
religion|feder administr
religion|financ administr
religion|fire administr
religion|first administr
religion|food administr
religion|foreign minist
religion|former administr
religion|fund administr
religion|give administr
religion|govern administr
religion|health administr
religion|hear administr
religion|highway administr
religion|home administr
religion|hoover administr
religion|howev administr
religion|improv administr
religion|includ administr
religion|increas administr
religion|indic administr
religion|inform administr
religion|issu administr
religion|know administr
religion|last administr
religion|legisl administr
religion|level administr
religion|made administr
religion|member administr
religion|million administr
religion|nation administr
religion|need administr
religion|offici administr
religion|one administr
religion|oppos administr
religion|past administr
religion|peopl administr
religion|percent administr
religion|plan administr
religion|point administr
religion|polici administr
religion|posit administr
religion|present administr
religion|presid administr
religion|previous administr
religion|prime minist
religion|problem administr
religion|program administ
religion|program administr
religion|project administr
religion|properti administr
religion|propos administr
religion|provid administr
religion|provis administr
religion|question administr
religion|railroad administr
religion|recommend administr
religion|reduc administr
religion|relief administr
religion|report administr
religion|repres administr
religion|request administr
religion|requir administr
religion|respons administ
religion|respons administr
religion|review administr
religion|road administr
religion|safeti administr
religion|said administr
religion|school administr
religion|secur administr
religion|servic administr
religion|sinc administr
religion|state administ
religion|state administr
religion|statement administr
religion|subcommitte administr
religion|submit administr
religion|suggest administr
religion|support administr
religion|teacher administr
religion|think administr
religion|time administr
religion|understand administr
religion|unfortun administr
religion|union administr
religion|upon administr
religion|urg administr
religion|use administr
religion|veteran administr
religion|view administr
religion|whether administr
religion|within administr
religion|year administr
religion|yet administr
religion|crown jewel
religion|enter protest
religion|jewish state
tax|appropri billion
tax|billion addit
tax|billion administr
tax|billion almost
tax|billion alreadi
tax|billion amend
tax|billion american
tax|billion amount
tax|billion annual
tax|billion appropri
tax|billion author
tax|billion barrel
tax|billion bill
tax|billion billion
tax|billion board
tax|billion budget
tax|billion bushel
tax|billion come
tax|billion cost
tax|billion current
tax|billion debt
tax|billion defens
tax|billion deficit
tax|billion direct
tax|billion discretionari
tax|billion dollar
tax|billion econom
tax|billion emerg
tax|billion end
tax|billion estim
tax|billion even
tax|billion everi
tax|billion expenditur
tax|billion feder
tax|billion figur
tax|billion first
tax|billion fiscal
tax|billion foreign
tax|billion fund
tax|billion gallon
tax|billion go
tax|billion half
tax|billion higher
tax|billion includ
tax|billion increas
tax|billion interest
tax|billion invest
tax|billion just
tax|billion last
tax|billion less
tax|billion level
tax|billion loan
tax|billion lost
tax|billion medicar
tax|billion militari
tax|billion nation
tax|billion need
tax|billion next
tax|billion one
tax|billion outlay
tax|billion pay
tax|billion peopl
tax|billion plus
tax|billion presid
tax|billion program
tax|billion project
tax|billion propos
tax|billion provid
tax|billion public
tax|billion put
tax|billion reduc
tax|billion reduct
tax|billion request
tax|billion revenu
tax|billion save
tax|billion sinc
tax|billion social
tax|billion spend
tax|billion spent
tax|billion state
tax|billion surplus
tax|billion take
tax|billion think
tax|billion time
tax|billion ton
tax|billion total
tax|billion trade
tax|billion use
tax|billion worth
tax|billion year
tax|cost billion
tax|five billion
tax|four billion
tax|half billion
tax|hundr billion
tax|mani billion
tax|million billion
tax|multibillion dollar
tax|one billion
tax|quarter billion
tax|save billion
tax|sever billion
tax|spend billion
tax|ten billion
tax|three billion
tax|two billion
tax|break cycl
tax|break even
tax|breakfast program
tax|break pdf
tax|give break
tax|outbreak war
tax|prayer breakfast
tax|school breakfast
trade|patent trademark
trade|trade organ
trade|trade secret
trade|trademark offic
trade|abm treati
trade|abrog treati
trade|agreement treati
trade|articl treati
trade|atlant treati
trade|bulwer treati
trade|canal treati
trade|control treati
trade|defens treati
trade|genocid treati
trade|nonprolifer treati
trade|prolifer treati
trade|treati soviet
trade|insid trade
trade|pass trade
trade|activ duti
trade|amount duti
trade|assign duti
trade|believ duti
trade|bill duti
trade|carri duti
trade|cent duti
trade|charg duti
trade|constitut duti
trade|countervail duti
trade|derelict duti
trade|devot duti
trade|done duti
trade|duti ad
trade|duti articl
trade|duti bill
trade|duti congress
trade|duti countri
trade|duti devolv
trade|duti duti
trade|duti everi
trade|duti fix
trade|duti govern
trade|duti hide
trade|duti high
trade|duti make
trade|duti militari
trade|duti must
trade|duti one
trade|duti paid
trade|duti perform
trade|duti place
trade|duti present
trade|duti product
trade|duti propos
trade|duti protect
trade|duti provid
trade|duti put
trade|duti raw
trade|duti reduc
trade|duti requir
trade|duti respons
trade|duti see
trade|duti state
trade|duti suspens
trade|duti think
trade|duti unit
trade|duti upon
trade|felt duti
trade|first duti
trade|fix duti
trade|full duti
trade|high duti
trade|higher duti
trade|impos duti
trade|imposit duti
trade|line duti
trade|made duti
trade|militari duti
trade|offici duti
trade|patriot duti
trade|perform duti
trade|place duti
trade|present duti
trade|propos duti
trade|protect duti
trade|provid duti
trade|public duti
trade|put duti
trade|respons duti
trade|right duti
trade|sens duti
trade|specif duti
trade|state duti
trade|subject duti
trade|take duti
trade|tour duti
trade|upon duti