topic|phrase
alcohol|abus alcohol
alcohol|alcohol abus
alcohol|alcohol beverag
alcohol|alcohol content
alcohol|alcohol drug
alcohol|alcohol fuel
alcohol|alcohol tobacco
alcohol|alcohol use
alcohol|antisaloon leagu
alcohol|bureau alcohol
alcohol|cent alcohol
alcohol|distil spirit
alcohol|drug alcohol
alcohol|industri alcohol
alcohol|intox liquor
alcohol|sale liquor
alcohol|use alcohol
budget|addit revenu
budget|administr budget
budget|administr expens
budget|adopt budget
budget|amend budget
budget|amount revenu
budget|annual budget
budget|author expenditur
budget|balanc budget
budget|balanc feder
budget|bill budget
budget|billion budget
budget|billion deficit
budget|billion spend
budget|bipartisan budget
budget|bring deficit
budget|budget agreement
budget|budget also
budget|budget amend
budget|budget appropri
budget|budget author
budget|budget balanc
budget|budget bill
budget|budget budget
budget|budget bureau
budget|budget congress
budget|budget constraint
budget|budget control
budget|budget debat
budget|budget deficit
budget|budget enforc
budget|budget estim
budget|budget figur
budget|budget fiscal
budget|budget go
budget|budget increas
budget|budget just
budget|budget make
budget|budget messag
budget|budget offic
budget|budget one
budget|budget outlay
budget|budget pass
budget|budget plan
budget|budget presid
budget|budget problem
budget|budget process
budget|budget propos
budget|budget provid
budget|budget recommend
budget|budget reconcili
budget|budget request
budget|budget resolut
budget|budget surplus
budget|budget think
budget|budget year
budget|bureau budget
budget|concurr budget
budget|congression budget
budget|control spend
budget|current budget
budget|debt ceil
budget|debt collect
budget|debt deficit
budget|debt go
budget|debt gratitud
budget|debt increas
budget|debt limit
budget|debt owe
budget|debt stood
budget|debtor nation
budget|defens budget
budget|defens expenditur
budget|defens spend
budget|defici payment
budget|deficit control
budget|deficit debt
budget|deficit financ
budget|deficit fiscal
budget|deficit go
budget|deficit increas
budget|deficit problem
budget|deficit reduct
budget|deficit spend
budget|deficit year
budget|depart treasuri
budget|direct spend
budget|director budget
budget|discretionari spend
budget|dollar spend
budget|domest spend
budget|emerg spend
budget|entitl spend
budget|expenditur fund
budget|expenditur govern
budget|expens govern
budget|expens incur
budget|feder budget
budget|feder debt
budget|feder deficit
budget|feder expenditur
budget|feder revenu
budget|feder spend
budget|feder treasuri
budget|first budget
budget|fund budget
budget|general revenu
budget|get budget
budget|go spend
budget|govern expenditur
budget|govern expens
budget|govern spend
budget|increas budget
budget|increas debt
budget|increas deficit
budget|increas revenu
budget|increas spend
budget|interest debt
budget|intern revenu
budget|less expens
budget|level spend
budget|loss revenu
budget|manag budget
budget|mandatori spend
budget|medic expens
budget|member budget
budget|militari budget
budget|militari spend
budget|million budget
budget|nation debt
budget|need spend
budget|omnibus budget
budget|oper expens
budget|paid treasuri
budget|pass budget
budget|pay debt
budget|payment debt
budget|percent budget
budget|presid budget
budget|program budget
budget|propos budget
budget|public debt
budget|public treasuri
budget|rais debt
budget|recommend budget
budget|reduc budget
budget|reduc debt
budget|reduc deficit
budget|reduc spend
budget|report budget
budget|revenu act
budget|revenu code
budget|revenu govern
budget|revenu loss
budget|revenu servic
budget|revenu share
budget|salari expens
budget|secretari treasuri
budget|spend bill
budget|spend billion
budget|spend cap
budget|spend control
budget|spend defens
budget|spend feder
budget|spend go
budget|spend increas
budget|spend less
budget|spend level
budget|spend limit
budget|spend lot
budget|spend much
budget|spend prioriti
budget|spend program
budget|spend reduct
budget|spend spend
budget|spend tax
budget|spend taxpay
budget|spend time
budget|spend year
budget|state budget
budget|state spend
budget|state treasuri
budget|submit budget
budget|support budget
budget|tariff revenu
budget|tax revenu
budget|tax spend
budget|time budget
budget|total budget
budget|treasuri depart
budget|treasuri note
budget|treasuri secretari
budget|treasuri unit
budget|trillion debt
budget|unifi budget
budget|us spend
budget|vote budget
budget|want spend
budget|war debt
budget|wast spend
budget|within budget
budget|year budget
budget|year deficit
budget|year spend
business|abandon mine
business|access capit
business|aerospac industri
business|agricultur act
business|agricultur adjust
business|agricultur area
business|agricultur bill
business|agricultur commod
business|agricultur communiti
business|agricultur conserv
business|agricultur credit
business|agricultur depart
business|agricultur econom
business|agricultur economi
business|agricultur export
business|agricultur implement
business|agricultur industri
business|agricultur interest
business|agricultur labor
business|agricultur polici
business|agricultur problem
business|agricultur produc
business|agricultur product
business|agricultur program
business|agricultur purpos
business|agricultur research
business|agricultur rural
business|agricultur section
business|agricultur sector
business|agricultur state
business|agricultur surplus
business|agricultur trade
business|agricultur worker
business|airlin industri
business|alaskan oil
business|allow compani
business|allow farmer
business|america farmer
business|american agricultur
business|american banker
business|american busi
business|american compani
business|american farm
business|american farmer
business|american industri
business|american manufactur
business|american oil
business|american sugar
business|american textil
business|amount capit
business|amount loan
business|amount oil
business|anim industri
business|apparel industri
business|arab oil
business|articl manufactur
business|assist farmer
business|associ manufactur
business|auto industri
business|automobil industri
business|automobil manufactur
business|aviat industri
business|back busi
business|banker associ
business|bankruptci act
business|bankruptci code
business|bankruptci court
business|bankruptci judg
business|bankruptci reform
business|bankruptci system
business|barg canal
business|barrel oil
business|basic commod
business|basic industri
business|beet sugar
business|benefit farmer
business|big busi
business|big compani
business|big oil
business|billion loan
business|bitumin coal
business|broadcast industri
business|build canal
business|build industri
business|build loan
business|build plant
business|build railroad
business|bureau mine
business|busi across
business|busi activ
business|busi administr
business|busi america
business|busi american
business|busi center
business|busi communiti
business|busi concern
business|busi consum
business|busi corpor
business|busi countri
business|busi creat
business|busi develop
business|busi employ
business|busi expens
business|busi famili
business|busi farm
business|busi feder
business|busi firm
business|busi get
business|busi go
business|busi govern
business|busi group
business|busi individu
business|busi industri
business|busi innov
business|busi interest
business|busi invest
business|busi job
business|busi just
business|busi know
business|busi labor
business|busi leader
business|busi like
business|busi loan
business|busi make
business|busi men
business|busi must
business|busi nation
business|busi need
business|busi one
business|busi oper
business|busi opportun
business|busi organ
business|busi owner
business|busi pay
business|busi peopl
business|busi plan
business|busi proposit
business|busi sector
business|busi state
business|busi tax
business|busi think
business|busi unit
business|busi want
business|busi way
business|busi world
business|canal commiss
business|canal compani
business|canal treati
business|canal zone
business|cane sugar
business|capit cost
business|capit invest
business|capit labor
business|capit need
business|capit stock
business|capit surplus
business|card compani
business|care financ
business|care industri
business|carri busi
business|cattl industri
business|cent profit
business|chamber commerc
business|chemic industri
business|chief execut
business|chief financi
business|clean coal
business|coal compani
business|coal gasif
business|coal industri
business|coal iron
business|coal leas
business|coal mine
business|coal oil
business|coal oper
business|coal produc
business|coal product
business|coal slurri
business|coal strike
business|coal technolog
business|commerc act
business|commerc among
business|commerc claus
business|commerc commiss
business|commerc countri
business|commerc depart
business|commerc justic
business|commerc labor
business|commerc state
business|commerc unit
business|commerci aircraft
business|commerci airlin
business|commerci develop
business|commerci industri
business|commerci interest
business|commerci paper
business|commod credit
business|commod exchang
business|commod futur
business|commod produc
business|commod program
business|common stock
business|compani act
business|compani busi
business|compani compani
business|compani countri
business|compani get
business|compani go
business|compani like
business|compani make
business|compani offer
business|compani one
business|compani oper
business|compani own
business|compani pay
business|compani profit
business|compani provid
business|compani right
business|compani use
business|compani want
business|competit industri
business|competit privat
business|construct canal
business|construct industri
business|construct railroad
business|consum busi
business|consum credit
business|continu busi
business|corpor profit
business|cost busi
business|cost manufactur
business|cost oil
business|credit act
business|credit administr
business|credit avail
business|credit bill
business|credit card
business|credit control
business|credit corpor
business|credit countri
business|credit govern
business|credit help
business|credit need
business|credit program
business|credit rate
business|credit report
business|credit sale
business|credit system
business|credit union
business|credit unit
business|crude oil
business|cuban sugar
business|dairi farm
business|dairi farmer
business|dairi industri
business|defens industri
business|defens plant
business|depart agricultur
business|depart commerc
business|depend oil
business|deserv credit
business|destroy industri
business|develop industri
business|develop loan
business|develop oil
business|direct loan
business|domest commerc
business|domest industri
business|domest manufactur
business|domest oil
business|domest sugar
business|drill oil
business|drug compani
business|drug industri
business|drug manufactur
business|duti manufactur
business|duti sugar
business|duti wool
business|electr bill
business|electr car
business|electr co
business|electr energi
business|electr generat
business|electr grid
business|electr light
business|electr system
business|electr util
business|electr vehicl
business|electrif administr
business|electron surveil
business|emerg loan
business|encourag privat
business|energi commerc
business|energi compani
business|energi industri
business|engag busi
business|engag industri
business|engag manufactur
business|enterpris system
business|enterpris zone
business|everi busi
business|everi farmer
business|everi industri
business|excess profit
business|excessprofit tax
business|export credit
business|export financ
business|express compani
business|extend credit
business|faith credit
business|famili busi
business|famili farm
business|famili farmer
business|farm area
business|farm bill
business|farm board
business|farm bureau
business|farm busi
business|farm commod
business|farm communiti
business|farm credit
business|farm economi
business|farm export
business|farm incom
business|farm labor
business|farm legisl
business|farm loan
business|farm machineri
business|farm mortgag
business|farm oper
business|farm organ
business|farm peopl
business|farm polici
business|farm popul
business|farm problem
business|farm produc
business|farm product
business|farm program
business|farm ranch
business|farm relief
business|farm rural
business|farm secur
business|farm subsidi
business|farm surplus
business|farm worker
business|farmer america
business|farmer buy
business|farmer consum
business|farmer countri
business|farmer face
business|farmer farm
business|farmer farmer
business|farmer get
business|farmer go
business|farmer home
business|farmer incom
business|farmer know
business|farmer labor
business|farmer must
business|farmer nation
business|farmer need
business|farmer pay
business|farmer produc
business|farmer rais
business|farmer rancher
business|farmer receiv
business|farmer state
business|farmer union
business|farmer unit
business|farmer want
business|feder coal
business|feder credit
business|feder farm
business|feder financ
business|feder financi
business|feder loan
business|feder railroad
business|file bankruptci
business|financ act
business|financ administr
business|financ agenc
business|financ bill
business|financ construct
business|financ corpor
business|financ feder
business|financ program
business|financ reform
business|financ system
business|financ urban
business|financi crisi
business|financi disclosur
business|financi incent
business|financi institut
business|financi interest
business|financi manag
business|financi problem
business|financi respons
business|financi secur
business|financi servic
business|financi situat
business|financi statement
business|financi support
business|financi system
business|food agricultur
business|food industri
business|foreign agricultur
business|foreign compani
business|foreign manufactur
business|foreign oil
business|freeenterpris system
business|fuel oil
business|fund financ
business|fund privat
business|gallon gasolin
business|gas act
business|gas bill
business|gas co
business|gas coal
business|gas compani
business|gas consum
business|gas develop
business|gas electr
business|gas emiss
business|gas explor
business|gas industri
business|gas leas
business|gas oil
business|gas pipelin
business|gas polici
business|gas produc
business|gas product
business|gas pump
business|gas reserv
business|gas resourc
business|gas station
business|gas suppli
business|gas tax
business|gasolin ration
business|gasolin tax
business|general electr
business|generat electr
business|generat plant
business|get busi
business|get credit
business|get loan
business|get oil
business|give credit
business|give farmer
business|go busi
business|go privat
business|gold mine
business|govern busi
business|govern financ
business|govern industri
business|govern loan
business|govern privat
business|great agricultur
business|great busi
business|great commerci
business|great credit
business|great industri
business|greenhous gas
business|greenhous gase
business|guarante loan
business|heat oil
business|help busi
business|help farmer
business|help financ
business|home busi
business|home financ
business|home loan
business|import industri
business|import oil
business|incom farmer
business|increas farm
business|increas gasolin
business|increas oil
business|increas profit
business|independ busi
business|independ oil
business|individu busi
business|individu farmer
business|industri agricultur
business|industri alreadi
business|industri also
business|industri america
business|industri american
business|industri area
business|industri base
business|industri bill
business|industri busi
business|industri center
business|industri commerci
business|industri competit
business|industri countri
business|industri develop
business|industri employ
business|industri go
business|industri govern
business|industri import
business|industri industri
business|industri labor
business|industri make
business|industri mani
business|industri must
business|industri nation
business|industri need
business|industri one
business|industri plant
business|industri product
business|industri provid
business|industri repres
business|industri state
business|industri time
business|industri unit
business|industri use
business|industri user
business|industri want
business|industri wast
business|industri worker
business|industri world
business|insur compani
business|insur industri
business|insur loan
business|interest agricultur
business|interest farmer
business|interest loan
business|intermedi credit
business|intern banker
business|intern financ
business|intern financi
business|interst commerc
business|invest capit
business|invest compani
business|invest credit
business|job privat
business|labor industri
business|larg busi
business|larg compani
business|largest oil
business|legitim busi
business|line busi
business|line railroad
business|livestock industri
business|livestock produc
business|loan act
business|loan associ
business|loan author
business|loan board
business|loan corpor
business|loan farmer
business|loan forgiv
business|loan fund
business|loan guarante
business|loan industri
business|loan institut
business|loan insur
business|loan interest
business|loan level
business|loan limit
business|loan loan
business|loan made
business|loan program
business|loan rate
business|loan repay
business|local busi
business|lumber industri
business|made loan
business|make loan
business|make profit
business|mani busi
business|mani compani
business|mani farmer
business|mani industri
business|manufactur articl
business|manufactur associ
business|manufactur base
business|manufactur compani
business|manufactur countri
business|manufactur establish
business|manufactur fertil
business|manufactur industri
business|manufactur interest
business|manufactur job
business|manufactur plant
business|manufactur produc
business|manufactur product
business|manufactur sale
business|manufactur sector
business|manufactur state
business|manufactur unit
business|member agricultur
business|method financ
business|million loan
business|mine claim
business|mine coal
business|mine compani
business|mine health
business|mine industri
business|mine oper
business|mine safeti
business|mine worker
business|mortgag loan
business|much credit
business|much oil
business|municip industri
business|nation agricultur
business|nation busi
business|nation coal
business|nation credit
business|nation farm
business|nation farmer
business|nation industri
business|nation railroad
business|natur gas
business|nerv gas
business|net farm
business|net profit
business|nitrat plant
business|nonprofit corpor
business|nonprofit organ
business|nuclear industri
business|nuclear plant
business|offshor oil
business|oil co
business|oil come
business|oil compani
business|oil countri
business|oil deplet
business|oil drill
business|oil embargo
business|oil export
business|oil gas
business|oil gasolin
business|oil go
business|oil import
business|oil industri
business|oil natur
business|oil need
business|oil oil
business|oil pipelin
business|oil pollut
business|oil produc
business|oil product
business|oil reserv
business|oil shale
business|oil spill
business|oil suppli
business|oil use
business|one compani
business|one industri
business|oper loan
business|oper plant
business|oper railroad
business|owner loan
business|owner oper
business|owner properti
business|ownership oper
business|pacif railroad
business|paid farmer
business|pass farm
business|patent issu
business|patent offic
business|patent system
business|patent trademark
business|pay farmer
business|payment farmer
business|peopl busi
business|percent busi
business|percent electr
business|percent farm
business|percent farmer
business|percent loan
business|percent oil
business|petroleum industri
business|petroleum product
business|petroleum reserv
business|pharmaceut compani
business|pharmaceut industri
business|pipelin compani
business|place busi
business|plant close
business|plant equip
business|plant oper
business|poison gas
business|prefer stock
business|prison industri
business|privat agenc
business|privat busi
business|privat capit
business|privat citizen
business|privat compani
business|privat contractor
business|privat corpor
business|privat employ
business|privat enterpris
business|privat entiti
business|privat financ
business|privat foundat
business|privat fund
business|privat group
business|privat health
business|privat individu
business|privat industri
business|privat institut
business|privat insur
business|privat interest
business|privat invest
business|privat landown
business|privat life
business|privat nonprofit
business|privat oper
business|privat organ
business|privat own
business|privat owner
business|privat ownership
business|privat parti
business|privat pension
business|privat plan
business|privat practic
business|privat properti
business|privat public
business|privat right
business|privat school
business|privat sector
business|privat soldier
business|privat sourc
business|privat util
business|privat yard
business|process plant
business|produc electr
business|produc oil
business|produc sugar
business|product agricultur
business|product coal
business|product farm
business|product farmer
business|product industri
business|product manufactur
business|product oil
business|product sugar
business|profit made
business|profit oil
business|profit tax
business|profit war
business|program farmer
business|program financ
business|protect industri
business|protect manufactur
business|protect privat
business|provid loan
business|public nonprofit
business|public privat
business|put busi
business|railroad administr
business|railroad co
business|railroad compani
business|railroad corpor
business|railroad countri
business|railroad employe
business|railroad industri
business|railroad labor
business|railroad men
business|railroad rate
business|railroad retir
business|railroad strike
business|railroad system
business|railroad transport
business|railroad worker
business|railway compani
business|raw sugar
business|raw wool
business|reason profit
business|reconstruct financ
business|refin sugar
business|reformul gasolin
business|regul commerc
business|regul industri
business|relat industri
business|relief farmer
business|repay loan
business|residu oil
business|revolv loan
business|run busi
business|rural electr
business|rural electrif
business|said compani
business|said railroad
business|salt agreement
business|salt ii
business|salt talk
business|save loan
business|sealevel canal
business|secretari agricultur
business|secretari commerc
business|secur industri
business|secur loan
business|segment industri
business|serious financi
business|servic industri
business|shale oil
business|share stock
business|ship canal
business|shoe industri
business|shoe manufactur
business|smallbusi men
business|soft loan
business|sourc oil
business|standard oil
business|start busi
business|state agricultur
business|state compani
business|state industri
business|state privat
business|stay busi
business|steam plant
business|steamship compani
business|stock corpor
business|stock dividend
business|stock exchang
business|stock option
business|stock ownership
business|strateg petroleum
business|strip mine
business|subcommitte agricultur
business|sugar act
business|sugar beet
business|sugar industri
business|sugar produc
business|sugar program
business|sugar quota
business|sugar refin
business|sugar trust
business|suppli oil
business|surfac mine
business|surplus agricultur
business|surplus commod
business|take credit
business|tax capit
business|tax credit
business|tax gasolin
business|tax oil
business|technolog industri
business|telecommun industri
business|telegraph compani
business|telephon compani
business|textil apparel
business|textil import
business|textil industri
business|textil worker
business|timber industri
business|tobacco compani
business|tobacco farmer
business|tobacco industri
business|ton coal
business|tourism industri
business|trade busi
business|trade commerc
business|transport compani
business|transport industri
business|transport oil
business|treatment plant
business|trust compani
business|unit mine
business|upon farm
business|upon industri
business|upon manufactur
business|upon railroad
business|upon sugar
business|upon wool
business|use coal
business|use credit
business|use financ
business|use manufactur
business|use oil
business|use privat
business|util compani
business|util industri
business|valu farm
business|ventur capit
business|war industri
business|war plant
business|war profit
business|way busi
business|whole busi
business|windfal profit
business|women busi
business|wool manufactur
business|woolen cloth
business|woolen manufactur
business|world oil
crime|abus drug
crime|addict drug
crime|alcohol drug
crime|bureau narcot
crime|buy gun
crime|career crimin
crime|charg crime
crime|civil crimin
crime|combat crime
crime|combat drug
crime|commiss crime
crime|commit crime
crime|comprehens crime
crime|convict crime
crime|convict crimin
crime|cost drug
crime|crime act
crime|crime america
crime|crime bill
crime|crime children
crime|crime commiss
crime|crime commit
crime|crime control
crime|crime countri
crime|crime crime
crime|crime drug
crime|crime genocid
crime|crime human
crime|crime insur
crime|crime legisl
crime|crime misdemeanor
crime|crime nation
crime|crime occur
crime|crime one
crime|crime packag
crime|crime prevent
crime|crime problem
crime|crime rate
crime|crime report
crime|crime statist
crime|crime tribun
crime|crime victim
crime|crime violenc
crime|crimin act
crime|crimin action
crime|crimin activ
crime|crimin alien
crime|crimin background
crime|crimin charg
crime|crimin civil
crime|crimin code
crime|crimin convict
crime|crimin court
crime|crimin divis
crime|crimin element
crime|crimin enterpris
crime|crimin histori
crime|crimin investig
crime|crimin justic
crime|crimin offens
crime|crimin penalti
crime|crimin procedur
crime|crimin proceed
crime|crimin prosecut
crime|crimin record
crime|crimin sanction
crime|crimin statut
crime|crimin terrorist
crime|crimin trial
crime|danger drug
crime|death sentenc
crime|drug abus
crime|drug act
crime|drug addict
crime|drug administr
crime|drug alcohol
crime|drug also
crime|drug approv
crime|drug benefit
crime|drug bill
crime|drug cartel
crime|drug come
crime|drug compani
crime|drug control
crime|drug cosmet
crime|drug cost
crime|drug countri
crime|drug court
crime|drug coverag
crime|drug crime
crime|drug czar
crime|drug dealer
crime|drug devic
crime|drug drug
crime|drug educ
crime|drug elimin
crime|drug enforc
crime|drug epidem
crime|drug go
crime|drug import
crime|drug industri
crime|drug interdict
crime|drug issu
crime|drug kingpin
crime|drug legisl
crime|drug manufactur
crime|drug need
crime|drug offens
crime|drug one
crime|drug plan
crime|drug polici
crime|drug prevent
crime|drug problem
crime|drug product
crime|drug program
crime|drug smuggl
crime|drug smuggler
crime|drug test
crime|drug trade
crime|drug traffic
crime|drug traffick
crime|drug treatment
crime|drug unit
crime|drug use
crime|drug user
crime|drug war
crime|drugfre school
crime|effect drug
crime|enforc crimin
crime|feder crime
crime|feder crimin
crime|feder drug
crime|fight crime
crime|fight drug
crime|get drug
crime|get gun
crime|gun control
crime|gun crime
crime|gun dealer
crime|gun lobbi
crime|gun owner
crime|gun safeti
crime|gun use
crime|gun violenc
crime|hate crime
crime|heinous crime
crime|high crime
crime|human traffick
crime|illeg drug
crime|illeg narcot
crime|illicit drug
crime|import drug
crime|increas crime
crime|increas drug
crime|intern crimin
crime|intern drug
crime|intern narcot
crime|involv drug
crime|juvenil crime
crime|life imprison
crime|life sentenc
crime|machin gun
crime|make crime
crime|make crimin
crime|mandatori sentenc
crime|minimum sentenc
crime|narcot abus
crime|narcot addict
crime|narcot control
crime|narcot drug
crime|narcot traffick
crime|nation crime
crime|nation drug
crime|omnibus crime
crime|organ crime
crime|orphan drug
crime|penalti drug
crime|presid crime
crime|prevent crime
crime|prison sentenc
crime|prison term
crime|problem crime
crime|prosecut crime
crime|punish crime
crime|purchas gun
crime|reduc crime
crime|rehabilit program
crime|rehabilit servic
crime|releas prison
crime|relief rehabilit
crime|rise crime
crime|sentenc commiss
crime|sentenc death
crime|serious crime
crime|sex traffick
crime|state crimin
crime|stop drug
crime|street crime
crime|subcommitte crime
crime|subcommitte crimin
crime|traffick victim
crime|treatment rehabilit
crime|use drug
crime|use gun
crime|victim crime
crime|violent crime
crime|violent crimin
crime|vocat rehabilit
crime|war drug
crime|year imprison
crime|year prison
defense|act war
defense|activ militari
defense|adequ defens
defense|air defens
defense|amend defens
defense|america militari
defense|america veteran
defense|american arm
defense|american armi
defense|american militari
defense|american navi
defense|american soldier
defense|american veteran
defense|american war
defense|anoth war
defense|antiballist missil
defense|arm ammunit
defense|arm attack
defense|arm conflict
defense|arm control
defense|arm embargo
defense|arm export
defense|arm forc
defense|arm limit
defense|arm reduct
defense|arm sale
defense|armi air
defense|armi corp
defense|armi engin
defense|armi nation
defense|armi navi
defense|armi offic
defense|armi republ
defense|armi reserv
defense|armi unit
defense|armor plate
defense|assault weapon
defense|assist veteran
defense|atom bomb
defense|atom energi
defense|atom weapon
defense|author militari
defense|ballist missil
defense|bear arm
defense|begin war
defense|benefit veteran
defense|billion defens
defense|billion militari
defense|biolog weapon
defense|bodi armor
defense|bomber forc
defense|bring war
defense|care veteran
defense|carri war
defense|caus war
defense|central intellig
defense|chemic warfar
defense|chemic weapon
defense|chief armi
defense|chief naval
defense|civil defens
defense|civil war
defense|civilian militari
defense|class warfar
defense|close war
defense|coast defens
defense|coast guard
defense|cold war
defense|combat forc
defense|combat oper
defense|combat terror
defense|combat troop
defense|combat zone
defense|common defens
defense|compulsori militari
defense|conduct war
defense|continu war
defense|control disarma
defense|convent weapon
defense|corp armi
defense|cost war
defense|countri war
defense|cruis missil
defense|defens acquisit
defense|defens act
defense|defens activ
defense|defens agenc
defense|defens appropri
defense|defens area
defense|defens bill
defense|defens budget
defense|defens capabl
defense|defens contract
defense|defens contractor
defense|defens countri
defense|defens depart
defense|defens dollar
defense|defens educ
defense|defens effort
defense|defens equip
defense|defens establish
defense|defens expenditur
defense|defens forc
defense|defens foreign
defense|defens fund
defense|defens industri
defense|defens initi
defense|defens intellig
defense|defens issu
defense|defens mobil
defense|defens must
defense|defens nation
defense|defens need
defense|defens nuclear
defense|defens plan
defense|defens plant
defense|defens polici
defense|defens postur
defense|defens procur
defense|defens product
defense|defens program
defense|defens purpos
defense|defens requir
defense|defens secretari
defense|defens secur
defense|defens spend
defense|defens subcommitte
defense|defens support
defense|defens system
defense|defens unit
defense|depart defens
defense|depart homeland
defense|depart navi
defense|depart veteran
defense|depart war
defense|develop atom
defense|disabl soldier
defense|disabl veteran
defense|econom militari
defense|elig veteran
defense|end war
defense|enemi combat
defense|engag war
defense|enlist armi
defense|enlist men
defense|enlist personnel
defense|ensur veteran
defense|enter war
defense|escal war
defense|european war
defense|event war
defense|everi soldier
defense|fact war
defense|fight war
defense|follow war
defense|forc navi
defense|foreign intellig
defense|foreign militari
defense|foreign war
defense|freedom fighter
defense|fund militari
defense|fund veteran
defense|fund war
defense|futur war
defense|general armi
defense|get war
defense|global war
defense|go war
defense|govern war
defense|grand armi
defense|great war
defense|growth defens
defense|guard reserv
defense|guard unit
defense|guid missil
defense|gulf war
defense|help veteran
defense|homeland secur
defense|homeless veteran
defense|honor veteran
defense|hydrogen bomb
defense|ii missil
defense|ii veteran
defense|implement war
defense|increas armi
defense|increas defens
defense|increas militari
defense|increas navi
defense|increas veteran
defense|indian war
defense|intellig activ
defense|intellig agenc
defense|intellig budget
defense|intellig capabl
defense|intellig communiti
defense|intellig gather
defense|intellig inform
defense|intellig oper
defense|intellig servic
defense|intellig surveil
defense|intern atom
defense|involv war
defense|iraq war
defense|know war
defense|korean war
defense|landbas missil
defense|last war
defense|late war
defense|level defens
defense|limit armament
defense|limit war
defense|line defens
defense|made war
defense|make war
defense|mani veteran
defense|member arm
defense|member homeland
defense|member intellig
defense|member militari
defense|member veteran
defense|men arm
defense|men armi
defense|men navi
defense|mexican war
defense|militari action
defense|militari activ
defense|militari advis
defense|militari aid
defense|militari appropri
defense|militari assist
defense|militari author
defense|militari balanc
defense|militari base
defense|militari budget
defense|militari buildup
defense|militari capabl
defense|militari career
defense|militari civilian
defense|militari command
defense|militari commiss
defense|militari conflict
defense|militari construct
defense|militari defens
defense|militari depart
defense|militari econom
defense|militari equip
defense|militari establish
defense|militari expenditur
defense|militari expert
defense|militari facil
defense|militari famili
defense|militari forc
defense|militari hardwar
defense|militari hospit
defense|militari instal
defense|militari intellig
defense|militari involv
defense|militari justic
defense|militari leader
defense|militari manpow
defense|militari member
defense|militari men
defense|militari might
defense|militari mission
defense|militari naval
defense|militari need
defense|militari offic
defense|militari oper
defense|militari pay
defense|militari peopl
defense|militari personnel
defense|militari polici
defense|militari postur
defense|militari presenc
defense|militari procur
defense|militari program
defense|militari purpos
defense|militari readi
defense|militari requir
defense|militari reserv
defense|militari retir
defense|militari retire
defense|militari sale
defense|militari secur
defense|militari servic
defense|militari solut
defense|militari spend
defense|militari strength
defense|militari support
defense|militari threat
defense|militari train
defense|militari victori
defense|million militari
defense|million veteran
defense|missil attack
defense|missil capabl
defense|missil crisi
defense|missil defens
defense|missil program
defense|missil submarin
defense|missil system
defense|missil technolog
defense|missil threat
defense|mobil missil
defense|munit war
defense|mutual defens
defense|mx missil
defense|nation defens
defense|nation guard
defense|nation guardsmen
defense|nation intellig
defense|nation militari
defense|nation missil
defense|nation veteran
defense|nation war
defense|naval academi
defense|naval air
defense|naval base
defense|naval establish
defense|naval forc
defense|naval militari
defense|naval offic
defense|naval oper
defense|naval program
defense|naval reserv
defense|naval shipyard
defense|naval station
defense|naval vessel
defense|navi air
defense|navi armi
defense|navi depart
defense|navi unit
defense|navi yard
defense|need defens
defense|need militari
defense|need veteran
defense|nuclear arm
defense|nuclear bomb
defense|nuclear missil
defense|nuclear war
defense|nuclear warhead
defense|nuclear weapon
defense|offens weapon
defense|offic armi
defense|offic defens
defense|offic enlist
defense|offic navi
defense|offic war
defense|old soldier
defense|outbreak war
defense|pay enlist
defense|pay war
defense|pension soldier
defense|period war
defense|polit militari
defense|postcold war
defense|prepar war
defense|present war
defense|presid war
defense|prevent war
defense|prior war
defense|prison war
defense|privat soldier
defense|profit war
defense|program veteran
defense|prolifer weapon
defense|propos arm
defense|prosecut war
defense|protect homeland
defense|provid defens
defense|provid militari
defense|provid veteran
defense|recent war
defense|red armi
defense|reduc defens
defense|reduct defens
defense|regular armi
defense|result war
defense|retir militari
defense|return soldier
defense|return veteran
defense|revolutionari war
defense|secretari armi
defense|secretari defens
defense|secretari homeland
defense|secretari navi
defense|secretari veteran
defense|secretari war
defense|serv arm
defense|serv armi
defense|serv militari
defense|servic armi
defense|servic veteran
defense|servic war
defense|ship war
defense|sinc war
defense|soldier bonus
defense|soldier countri
defense|soldier home
defense|soldier sailor
defense|soldier serv
defense|soldier war
defense|soviet militari
defense|soviet missil
defense|spanish war
defense|spanishamerican war
defense|spend defens
defense|stand armi
defense|star war
defense|state arm
defense|state defens
defense|state militari
defense|state navi
defense|state veteran
defense|state war
defense|stealth bomber
defense|strateg arm
defense|strateg bomber
defense|strateg defens
defense|strateg weapon
defense|subcommitte militari
defense|support militari
defense|support veteran
defense|support war
defense|termin war
defense|theater missil
defense|time war
defense|torpedo boat
defense|two war
defense|undeclar war
defense|unilater disarma
defense|union armi
defense|union soldier
defense|univers militari
defense|upon war
defense|us war
defense|use arm
defense|use armi
defense|use atom
defense|use militari
defense|use war
defense|use weapon
defense|veteran administr
defense|veteran affair
defense|veteran america
defense|veteran benefit
defense|veteran bill
defense|veteran bureau
defense|veteran depend
defense|veteran disabl
defense|veteran educ
defense|veteran employ
defense|veteran famili
defense|veteran foreign
defense|veteran health
defense|veteran hospit
defense|veteran legisl
defense|veteran medic
defense|veteran need
defense|veteran organ
defense|veteran pension
defense|veteran popul
defense|veteran prefer
defense|veteran program
defense|veteran receiv
defense|veteran return
defense|veteran serv
defense|veteran servic
defense|veteran suffer
defense|veteran veteran
defense|veteran war
defense|veteran widow
defense|veteran world
defense|vietnam veteran
defense|vietnam war
defense|vietnamera veteran
defense|volunt armi
defense|vote war
defense|wage war
defense|want war
defense|war activ
defense|war afghanistan
defense|war also
defense|war american
defense|war began
defense|war believ
defense|war broke
defense|war came
defense|war certain
defense|war come
defense|war congress
defense|war continu
defense|war contract
defense|war cost
defense|war countri
defense|war crime
defense|war crimin
defense|war debt
defense|war depart
defense|war drug
defense|war effort
defense|war emerg
defense|war end
defense|war era
defense|war europ
defense|war even
defense|war everi
defense|war exist
defense|war financ
defense|war fought
defense|war germani
defense|war go
defense|war great
defense|war ii
defense|war iii
defense|war industri
defense|war iraq
defense|war just
defense|war know
defense|war labor
defense|war last
defense|war made
defense|war make
defense|war mani
defense|war materi
defense|war measur
defense|war might
defense|war must
defense|war nation
defense|war navi
defense|war need
defense|war one
defense|war peopl
defense|war period
defense|war plant
defense|war poverti
defense|war presid
defense|war product
defense|war profit
defense|war program
defense|war purpos
defense|war rebellion
defense|war said
defense|war secretari
defense|war ship
defense|war southeast
defense|war spain
defense|war start
defense|war state
defense|war suppli
defense|war tax
defense|war terror
defense|war think
defense|war time
defense|war unit
defense|war upon
defense|war vessel
defense|war veteran
defense|war vietnam
defense|war want
defense|war war
defense|war without
defense|war world
defense|war year
defense|war yet
defense|war zone
defense|warsaw pact
defense|weapon capabl
defense|weapon develop
defense|weapon mass
defense|weapon program
defense|weapon system
defense|weapon test
defense|weapon use
defense|went war
defense|widow soldier
defense|win war
defense|women arm
defense|women militari
defense|women veteran
defense|world war
defense|year defens
defense|year militari
defense|year war
economy|administr econom
economy|affect economi
economy|agricultur econom
economy|agricultur economi
economy|america econom
economy|america economi
economy|american econom
economy|american economi
economy|american unemploy
economy|antipoverti program
economy|area econom
economy|area economi
economy|area unemploy
economy|assist econom
economy|back economi
economy|bad econom
economy|base econom
economy|basic econom
economy|benefit economi
economy|benefit unemploy
economy|billion econom
economy|boost economi
economy|busi econom
economy|cap noneconom
economy|care unemploy
economy|caus econom
economy|caus unemploy
economy|chang econom
economy|chang economi
economy|chief economist
economy|chronic unemploy
economy|communiti econom
economy|concern econom
economy|continu econom
economy|continu growth
economy|contribut econom
economy|contribut economi
economy|control economi
economy|cost economi
economy|cost recoveri
economy|council econom
economy|countri econom
economy|countri economi
economy|creat econom
economy|current econom
economy|current unemploy
economy|cycl poverti
economy|damag economi
economy|develop econom
economy|develop economi
economy|difficult econom
economy|domest econom
economy|domest economi
economy|drive economi
economy|econom activ
economy|econom adjust
economy|econom advantag
economy|econom advis
economy|econom affair
economy|econom aid
economy|econom analysi
economy|econom assist
economy|econom assumpt
economy|econom base
economy|econom benefit
economy|econom burden
economy|econom challeng
economy|econom chang
economy|econom circumst
economy|econom climat
economy|econom communiti
economy|econom competit
economy|econom consequ
economy|econom control
economy|econom cost
economy|econom crisi
economy|econom cultur
economy|econom damag
economy|econom depress
economy|econom develop
economy|econom difficulti
economy|econom disadvantag
economy|econom disast
economy|econom disloc
economy|econom distress
economy|econom downturn
economy|econom educ
economy|econom effect
economy|econom effici
economy|econom emerg
economy|econom engin
economy|econom environ
economy|econom environment
economy|econom equiti
economy|econom expans
economy|econom fact
economy|econom factor
economy|econom feasibl
economy|econom financi
economy|econom forecast
economy|econom freedom
economy|econom futur
economy|econom growth
economy|econom hardship
economy|econom health
economy|econom ill
economy|econom impact
economy|econom incent
economy|econom indic
economy|econom interest
economy|econom issu
economy|econom justic
economy|econom ladder
economy|econom life
economy|econom loss
economy|econom militari
economy|econom nation
economy|econom need
economy|econom opportun
economy|econom plan
economy|econom polici
economy|econom polit
economy|econom posit
economy|econom pressur
economy|econom problem
economy|econom program
economy|econom progress
economy|econom prosper
economy|econom question
economy|econom realiti
economy|econom reason
economy|econom recess
economy|econom recoveri
economy|econom reform
economy|econom relat
economy|econom report
economy|econom research
economy|econom resourc
economy|econom sanction
economy|econom secur
economy|econom selfsuffici
economy|econom sens
economy|econom situat
economy|econom social
economy|econom sound
economy|econom stabil
economy|econom status
economy|econom stimulus
economy|econom strength
economy|econom structur
economy|econom success
economy|econom summit
economy|econom support
economy|econom system
economy|econom term
economy|econom theori
economy|econom time
economy|econom viabil
economy|econom viabl
economy|econom vital
economy|econom warfar
economy|econom welfar
economy|econom wellb
economy|economi act
economy|economi also
economy|economi american
economy|economi area
economy|economi around
economy|economi back
economy|economi bill
economy|economi continu
economy|economi countri
economy|economi creat
economy|economi depend
economy|economi effici
economy|economi fact
economy|economi futur
economy|economi get
economy|economi go
economy|economi govern
economy|economi help
economy|economi import
economy|economi improv
economy|economi increas
economy|economi job
economy|economi just
economy|economi know
economy|economi last
economy|economi make
economy|economi mani
economy|economi move
economy|economi must
economy|economi nation
economy|economi need
economy|economi one
economy|economi peopl
economy|economi presid
economy|economi provid
economy|economi put
economy|economi recov
economy|economi right
economy|economi standard
economy|economi state
economy|economi think
economy|economi time
economy|economi unit
economy|economi want
economy|economi whole
economy|economi world
economy|educ econom
economy|effect econom
economy|effect economi
economy|effici econom
economy|effici economi
economy|elimin poverti
economy|emerg unemploy
economy|employ unemploy
economy|encourag econom
economy|energi economi
economy|entir economi
economy|environment econom
economy|european econom
economy|exhaust unemploy
economy|expand economi
economy|extend unemploy
economy|extens unemploy
economy|face econom
economy|fals economi
economy|farm economi
economy|feder poverti
economy|feder unemploy
economy|foreign econom
economy|fuel economi
economy|futur econom
economy|futur growth
economy|gdp growth
economy|general econom
economy|get econom
economy|get economi
economy|global econom
economy|global economi
economy|govern econom
economy|great econom
economy|greater econom
economy|growth economi
economy|growth industri
economy|growth job
economy|growth nation
economy|growth opportun
economy|growth program
economy|growth prosper
economy|growth rate
economy|growth spend
economy|happen economi
economy|health economi
economy|healthi economi
economy|help economi
economy|help unemploy
economy|high unemploy
economy|higher unemploy
economy|highest unemploy
economy|home econom
economy|impact economi
economy|import econom
economy|import economi
economy|improv econom
economy|improv economi
economy|incom poverti
economy|increas econom
economy|increas unemploy
economy|industri economi
economy|industri growth
economy|inflat unemploy
economy|insur unemploy
economy|interest economi
economy|intern econom
economy|intern economi
economy|invest economi
economy|job econom
economy|job economi
economy|job growth
economy|job unemploy
economy|joint econom
economy|keep economi
economy|level unemploy
economy|limit growth
economy|local economi
economy|longterm econom
economy|longterm unemploy
economy|make econom
economy|make economi
economy|militari econom
economy|million econom
economy|million unemploy
economy|nation econom
economy|nation economi
economy|nation growth
economy|nation unemploy
economy|need econom
economy|noneconom damag
economy|number unemploy
economy|offic econom
economy|overal econom
economy|overal economi
economy|peacetim economi
economy|peopl poverti
economy|peopl unemploy
economy|percent poverti
economy|percent unemploy
economy|period econom
economy|persist unemploy
economy|polit econom
economy|polit economi
economy|poverti area
economy|poverti level
economy|poverti line
economy|poverti program
economy|poverti rate
economy|present econom
economy|presid econom
economy|privat economi
economy|problem econom
economy|problem economi
economy|problem poverti
economy|problem unemploy
economy|product growth
economy|professor econom
economy|program econom
economy|promot econom
economy|provid econom
economy|railroad unemploy
economy|rapid growth
economy|rate econom
economy|rate growth
economy|rate unemploy
economy|real econom
economy|real growth
economy|receiv unemploy
economy|recoveri act
economy|recoveri effort
economy|recoveri packag
economy|recoveri plan
economy|recoveri program
economy|reduc unemploy
economy|region econom
economy|relief unemploy
economy|reliev unemploy
economy|resourc recoveri
economy|result econom
economy|rise unemploy
economy|rural economi
economy|sector economi
economy|secur econom
economy|segment economi
economy|serious econom
economy|sever econom
economy|signific econom
economy|slow growth
economy|social econom
economy|sound econom
economy|sound economi
economy|spur econom
economy|stabil economi
economy|state econom
economy|state economi
economy|state unemploy
economy|stimul econom
economy|stimul economi
economy|stimulus bill
economy|stimulus packag
economy|stimulus plan
economy|stimulus program
economy|strengthen economi
economy|struggl economi
economy|subcommitte econom
economy|substanti unemploy
economy|suffer econom
economy|support econom
economy|sustain econom
economy|sustain growth
economy|talk economi
economy|term econom
economy|throughout economi
economy|time econom
economy|time economi
economy|time unemploy
economy|tough econom
economy|toward econom
economy|trade econom
economy|turn economi
economy|unemploy american
economy|unemploy among
economy|unemploy area
economy|unemploy benefit
economy|unemploy compens
economy|unemploy countri
economy|unemploy figur
economy|unemploy high
economy|unemploy increas
economy|unemploy inflat
economy|unemploy insur
economy|unemploy level
economy|unemploy peopl
economy|unemploy problem
economy|unemploy rate
economy|unemploy relief
economy|unemploy situat
economy|unemploy state
economy|unemploy tax
economy|unemploy underemploy
economy|unemploy worker
economy|upon economi
economy|us econom
economy|use econom
economy|vital econom
economy|war poverti
economy|whole economi
economy|worker unemploy
economy|world econom
economy|world economi
economy|worst econom
economy|year econom
economy|year unemploy
economy|youth unemploy
education|abus educ
education|academ achiev
education|academ communiti
education|academ freedom
education|academ standard
education|academ year
education|access educ
education|adequ educ
education|adult educ
education|advanc educ
education|afterschool program
education|aid educ
education|aid school
education|allow school
education|allow student
education|america school
education|american educ
education|american school
education|american student
education|appropri educ
education|area educ
education|area school
education|art educ
education|assist educ
education|assist school
education|attend school
education|avail student
education|back school
education|basic educ
education|best educ
education|better educ
education|better school
education|bilingu educ
education|bill educ
education|billion educ
education|board educ
education|board school
education|build school
education|bureau educ
education|busi school
education|care educ
education|career educ
education|cathol school
education|charact educ
education|charter school
education|childhood educ
education|children educ
education|children school
education|citi school
education|classroom teacher
education|close school
education|colleg campus
education|colleg educ
education|colleg student
education|come school
education|commission educ
education|commit educ
education|common school
education|communiti educ
education|communiti school
education|compensatori educ
education|concern educ
education|construct school
education|continu educ
education|control educ
education|cost educ
education|counti school
education|defens educ
education|depart educ
education|desegreg school
education|develop educ
education|disabl educ
education|disadvantag student
education|drop school
education|drug educ
education|drugfre school
education|econom educ
education|educ achiev
education|educ act
education|educ activ
education|educ agenc
education|educ also
education|educ amend
education|educ america
education|educ american
education|educ appropri
education|educ art
education|educ assist
education|educ associ
education|educ author
education|educ believ
education|educ benefit
education|educ bill
education|educ budget
education|educ center
education|educ children
education|educ communiti
education|educ cost
education|educ countri
education|educ cultur
education|educ depart
education|educ depriv
education|educ develop
education|educ disadvantag
education|educ econom
education|educ educ
education|educ effort
education|educ employ
education|educ everi
education|educ excel
education|educ expens
education|educ experi
education|educ facil
education|educ feder
education|educ fund
education|educ go
education|educ goal
education|educ handicap
education|educ health
education|educ help
education|educ import
education|educ improv
education|educ includ
education|educ increas
education|educ indian
education|educ inform
education|educ infrastructur
education|educ initi
education|educ institut
education|educ invest
education|educ issu
education|educ job
education|educ kid
education|educ legisl
education|educ level
education|educ loan
education|educ make
education|educ mani
education|educ must
education|educ nation
education|educ need
education|educ one
education|educ opportun
education|educ organ
education|educ peopl
education|educ plan
education|educ polici
education|educ presid
education|educ prevent
education|educ problem
education|educ process
education|educ program
education|educ progress
education|educ provid
education|educ provis
education|educ public
education|educ purpos
education|educ reform
education|educ relat
education|educ research
education|educ resourc
education|educ school
education|educ servic
education|educ social
education|educ spend
education|educ state
education|educ student
education|educ subcommitte
education|educ support
education|educ tax
education|educ teacher
education|educ technolog
education|educ televis
education|educ test
education|educ think
education|educ train
education|educ unit
education|educ vocat
education|educ want
education|educ welfar
education|educ workforc
education|educ youth
education|effort educ
education|elementari school
education|emerg school
education|encourag student
education|ensur student
education|environment educ
education|equal educ
education|everi school
education|everi student
education|excel educ
education|famili educ
education|feder educ
education|feder student
education|foreign student
education|fulltim student
education|fund educ
education|fund school
education|general educ
education|get educ
education|get school
education|give student
education|go school
education|grade school
education|graduat school
education|graduat student
education|group student
education|guarante student
education|health educ
education|help educ
education|help school
education|help student
education|high school
education|higher educ
education|home school
education|impact school
education|import educ
education|improv educ
education|improv school
education|improv student
education|increas educ
education|increas student
education|indian educ
education|indian school
education|industri school
education|inform educ
education|institut educ
education|integr school
education|interest educ
education|intern educ
education|invest educ
education|involv educ
education|issu educ
education|kid school
education|level educ
education|loan student
education|local educ
education|local school
education|lowincom student
education|lunch act
education|lunch program
education|make educ
education|mani school
education|mani student
education|medic educ
education|medic school
education|medic student
education|member educ
education|middl school
education|million student
education|nation educ
education|nation school
education|nation student
education|nation teacher
education|need educ
education|need school
education|need student
education|needi student
education|neighborhood school
education|nonpubl school
education|number student
education|nurs school
education|nutrit educ
education|offic educ
education|one school
education|oper school
education|opportun educ
education|opportun student
education|parent educ
education|parent student
education|parent teacher
education|parochi school
education|particular school
education|percent school
education|percent student
education|physic educ
education|postsecondari educ
education|prayer school
education|prepar student
education|preschool children
education|prevent educ
education|privat school
education|problem educ
education|problem school
education|program educ
education|program school
education|program student
education|provid educ
education|provid school
education|provid student
education|public educ
education|public school
education|qualifi teacher
education|qualiti educ
education|receiv educ
education|reform educ
education|religi school
education|requir school
education|research educ
education|respons educ
education|role educ
education|rural school
education|safe school
education|school across
education|school act
education|school administr
education|school age
education|school aid
education|school also
education|school america
education|school area
education|school attend
education|school author
education|school bill
education|school board
education|school breakfast
education|school build
education|school buse
education|school children
education|school choic
education|school class
education|school close
education|school colleg
education|school communiti
education|school construct
education|school countri
education|school desegreg
education|school diploma
education|school dropout
education|school educ
education|school enrol
education|school everi
education|school facil
education|school feder
education|school food
education|school fund
education|school get
education|school go
education|school graduat
education|school health
education|school help
education|school high
education|school hospit
education|school improv
education|school integr
education|school just
education|school kid
education|school know
education|school level
education|school librari
education|school like
education|school lunch
education|school make
education|school mani
education|school meal
education|school medicin
education|school milk
education|school must
education|school nation
education|school need
education|school nurs
education|school offici
education|school one
education|school parent
education|school popul
education|school prayer
education|school princip
education|school program
education|school provid
education|school public
education|school purpos
education|school readi
education|school receiv
education|school reform
education|school safe
education|school safeti
education|school school
education|school segreg
education|school senior
education|school serv
education|school state
education|school student
education|school superintend
education|school system
education|school teacher
education|school think
education|school thought
education|school throughout
education|school univers
education|school want
education|school without
education|school year
education|schoolag children
education|schoollunch program
education|scienc educ
education|scienc teacher
education|secondari educ
education|secondari school
education|secretari educ
education|segreg school
education|servic educ
education|special educ
education|spend educ
education|start school
education|state educ
education|state school
education|stay school
education|stem educ
education|student achiev
education|student across
education|student aid
education|student assist
education|student athlet
education|student attend
education|student bodi
education|student colleg
education|student come
education|student countri
education|student disabl
education|student educ
education|student enrol
education|student faculti
education|student famili
education|student financi
education|student get
education|student go
education|student graduat
education|student learn
education|student loan
education|student need
education|student one
education|student opportun
education|student parent
education|student particip
education|student public
education|student receiv
education|student school
education|student student
education|student take
education|student teacher
education|student univers
education|student want
education|subcommitte educ
education|superintend school
education|support educ
education|support school
education|system educ
education|talk educ
education|teacher administr
education|teacher classroom
education|teacher corp
education|teacher educ
education|teacher parent
education|teacher princip
education|teacher qualiti
education|teacher salari
education|teacher school
education|teacher student
education|teacher teach
education|teacher train
education|technic educ
education|technolog educ
education|thousand student
education|train educ
education|train school
education|train teacher
education|univers school
education|use educ
education|use school
education|veteran educ
education|vocat educ
education|vocat school
education|went school
education|within school
education|year educ
education|year school
elections|absente ballot
elections|actual vote
elections|ago vote
elections|aisl vote
elections|america vote
elections|american vote
elections|american voter
elections|ballot cast
elections|bipartisan vote
elections|campaign act
elections|campaign contribut
elections|campaign cost
elections|campaign financ
elections|campaign fund
elections|campaign presid
elections|campaign promis
elections|campaign reform
elections|campaign spend
elections|campaign trail
elections|candid elect
elections|cast ballot
elections|citizen vote
elections|colleagu vote
elections|color voter
elections|conduct elect
elections|confirm vote
elections|congress elect
elections|congress vote
elections|congression campaign
elections|congression elect
elections|contribut campaign
elections|control elect
elections|cost campaign
elections|countri vote
elections|difficult vote
elections|dissent vote
elections|duli elect
elections|elect bill
elections|elect campaign
elections|elect candid
elections|elect commiss
elections|elect congress
elections|elect cycl
elections|elect elect
elections|elect feder
elections|elect first
elections|elect franchis
elections|elect held
elections|elect last
elections|elect leader
elections|elect offici
elections|elect peopl
elections|elect process
elections|elect public
elections|elect reform
elections|elect repres
elections|elect result
elections|elect serv
elections|elect state
elections|elect system
elections|elect think
elections|elect time
elections|elect unit
elections|elect us
elections|elect year
elections|elector process
elections|elector system
elections|elig vote
elections|elig voter
elections|enough vote
elections|everi vote
elections|farmer vote
elections|feder campaign
elections|feder elect
elections|financ campaign
elections|floor vote
elections|forward vote
elections|fund campaign
elections|get elect
elections|get reelect
elections|got elect
elections|govern elect
elections|honest elect
elections|influenc elect
elections|issu campaign
elections|join vote
elections|last campaign
elections|last elect
elections|legisl vote
elections|limit campaign
elections|line vote
elections|local elect
elections|make select
elections|men vote
elections|million vote
elections|motor voter
elections|nation elect
elections|nation vote
elections|nation voter
elections|need vote
elections|negro vote
elections|never vote
elections|next elect
elections|nomin elect
elections|overwhelm vote
elections|particip elect
elections|pass vote
elections|peopl elect
elections|peopl vote
elections|percent vote
elections|plan vote
elections|pleas vote
elections|polit campaign
elections|popular elect
elections|popular vote
elections|presid campaign
elections|presidenti campaign
elections|presidenti elect
elections|primari elect
elections|prior elect
elections|program vote
elections|protect vote
elections|qualifi voter
elections|recent elect
elections|reelect campaign
elections|reform campaign
elections|regist vote
elections|regist voter
elections|registr vote
elections|respons vote
elections|result elect
elections|run reelect
elections|secret ballot
elections|seek reelect
elections|support vote
elections|tough vote
elections|urg vote
elections|us elect
elections|vote age
elections|vote american
elections|vote appropri
elections|vote approv
elections|vote author
elections|vote balanc
elections|vote bipartisan
elections|vote budget
elections|vote candid
elections|vote confid
elections|vote conscienc
elections|vote continu
elections|vote elect
elections|vote extend
elections|vote feder
elections|vote floor
elections|vote foreign
elections|vote fund
elections|vote get
elections|vote give
elections|vote increas
elections|vote judg
elections|vote legisl
elections|vote machin
elections|vote need
elections|vote opposit
elections|vote overrid
elections|vote overwhelm
elections|vote packag
elections|vote pay
elections|vote peopl
elections|vote poll
elections|vote precinct
elections|vote program
elections|vote protect
elections|vote qualif
elections|vote rais
elections|vote realli
elections|vote reduc
elections|vote repeal
elections|vote right
elections|vote send
elections|vote someth
elections|vote spend
elections|vote support
elections|vote system
elections|vote tax
elections|vote thing
elections|vote unit
elections|vote urg
elections|vote us
elections|vote war
elections|vote year
elections|voter fraud
elections|voter particip
elections|voter qualif
elections|voter registr
elections|voter state
elections|voter turnout
elections|win elect
elections|women voter
elections|year elect
elections|year vote
environment|administr environment
environment|agricultur conserv
environment|air pollut
environment|anim plant
environment|botan garden
environment|boulder canyon
environment|boulder dam
environment|build dam
environment|bureau plant
environment|canyon dam
environment|canyon nation
environment|canyon project
environment|care environ
environment|chang natur
environment|civilian conserv
environment|clean environ
environment|climat chang
environment|coal plant
environment|concern environ
environment|conserv act
environment|conserv area
environment|conserv corp
environment|conserv develop
environment|conserv effort
environment|conserv energi
environment|conserv fund
environment|conserv group
environment|conserv manag
environment|conserv natur
environment|conserv plan
environment|conserv practic
environment|conserv program
environment|conserv project
environment|conserv recoveri
environment|conserv reserv
environment|conserv servic
environment|conserv soil
environment|construct dam
environment|control pollut
environment|coule dam
environment|council environment
environment|creat environ
environment|creek dam
environment|dam across
environment|dam built
environment|dam construct
environment|dam project
environment|dam reservoir
environment|depart environment
environment|depart natur
environment|develop environment
environment|develop natur
environment|dispos wast
environment|econom environment
environment|energi conserv
environment|energi environ
environment|energi environment
environment|environment assess
environment|environment benefit
environment|environment cleanup
environment|environment communiti
environment|environment concern
environment|environment control
environment|environment damag
environment|environment degrad
environment|environment econom
environment|environment educ
environment|environment effect
environment|environment friend
environment|environment group
environment|environment health
environment|environment impact
environment|environment issu
environment|environment legisl
environment|environment manag
environment|environment organ
environment|environment polici
environment|environment pollut
environment|environment problem
environment|environment program
environment|environment protect
environment|environment qualiti
environment|environment regul
environment|environment research
environment|environment respons
environment|environment restor
environment|environment review
environment|environment sensit
environment|environment sound
environment|environment standard
environment|environment studi
environment|eros control
environment|feder environment
environment|feet natur
environment|fisheri conserv
environment|forestri servic
environment|glen canyon
environment|global climat
environment|global environ
environment|grand canyon
environment|great lake
environment|great natur
environment|hazard wast
environment|health environ
environment|health environment
environment|hell canyon
environment|highlevel wast
environment|hoover dam
environment|hurrican katrina
environment|import environment
environment|improv environ
environment|industri wast
environment|irrepar damag
environment|lake champlain
environment|lake eri
environment|lake level
environment|lake region
environment|lake stream
environment|lake superior
environment|lake taho
environment|learn environ
environment|liquefi natur
environment|lock dam
environment|lowlevel wast
environment|mother natur
environment|municip wast
environment|nation environment
environment|nation lakeshor
environment|nation natur
environment|natur area
environment|natur beauti
environment|natur disast
environment|natur environ
environment|natur extent
environment|natur gas
environment|natur problem
environment|natur resourc
environment|natur right
environment|natur rubber
environment|natur servic
environment|natur state
environment|natur thing
environment|need conserv
environment|nois pollut
environment|noneconom damag
environment|nuclear wast
environment|oil natur
environment|oil pollut
environment|oil shale
environment|plant anim
environment|pollut abat
environment|pollut air
environment|pollut control
environment|pollut pay
environment|pollut problem
environment|preserv environ
environment|preserv natur
environment|product natur
environment|protect environ
environment|protect natur
environment|radioact wast
environment|reduc pollut
environment|reduc wast
environment|requir environment
environment|resourc conserv
environment|resourc environ
environment|secur environ
environment|shale oil
environment|similar natur
environment|soil conserv
environment|soil eros
environment|soilconserv program
environment|solid wast
environment|sourc pollut
environment|stabil conserv
environment|state natur
environment|suppli natur
environment|toxic pollut
environment|toxic wast
environment|understand natur
environment|use natur
environment|wast dispos
environment|wast dump
environment|wast generat
environment|wast manag
environment|wast problem
environment|wast program
environment|wast public
environment|wast treatment
environment|wastewat treatment
environment|wildlif conserv
environment|youth conserv
federalism|across state
federalism|act feder
federalism|action agenc
federalism|action feder
federalism|action state
federalism|activ feder
federalism|addit feder
federalism|administr agenc
federalism|administr feder
federalism|administr state
federalism|affect state
federalism|agenc appropri
federalism|agenc author
federalism|agenc depart
federalism|agenc feder
federalism|agenc govern
federalism|agenc intern
federalism|agenc involv
federalism|agenc make
federalism|agenc must
federalism|agenc program
federalism|agenc provid
federalism|agenc respons
federalism|agenc state
federalism|aid state
federalism|allow feder
federalism|allow state
federalism|also state
federalism|american feder
federalism|american state
federalism|among state
federalism|amount feder
federalism|anoth state
federalism|appropri feder
federalism|appropri state
federalism|area feder
federalism|area state
federalism|assist feder
federalism|assist local
federalism|assist state
federalism|associ state
federalism|author feder
federalism|author state
federalism|avail state
federalism|back state
federalism|balanc feder
federalism|believ feder
federalism|believ state
federalism|benefit feder
federalism|billion feder
federalism|bureau feder
federalism|certain state
federalism|chang feder
federalism|citizen state
federalism|clear state
federalism|coastal state
federalism|colleagu state
federalism|come feder
federalism|come state
federalism|communiti state
federalism|concern state
federalism|congress feder
federalism|congress state
federalism|control feder
federalism|coordin feder
federalism|cost feder
federalism|cost state
federalism|counti state
federalism|countri state
federalism|current feder
federalism|depart state
federalism|develop state
federalism|differ state
federalism|direct feder
federalism|educ agenc
federalism|effect feder
federalism|effect state
federalism|elect state
federalism|employe feder
federalism|encourag state
federalism|energi agenc
federalism|energi regulatori
federalism|enforc agenc
federalism|engag interst
federalism|ensur feder
federalism|ensur state
federalism|establish feder
federalism|everi state
federalism|exist feder
federalism|exist state
federalism|fact feder
federalism|farmer state
federalism|feder action
federalism|feder agenc
federalism|feder aid
federalism|feder assist
federalism|feder author
federalism|feder aviat
federalism|feder bench
federalism|feder budget
federalism|feder build
federalism|feder bureau
federalism|feder bureaucraci
federalism|feder charter
federalism|feder civil
federalism|feder coal
federalism|feder commit
federalism|feder communic
federalism|feder constitut
federalism|feder contract
federalism|feder contribut
federalism|feder control
federalism|feder court
federalism|feder credit
federalism|feder crime
federalism|feder crimin
federalism|feder debt
federalism|feder deficit
federalism|feder depart
federalism|feder deposit
federalism|feder dollar
federalism|feder educ
federalism|feder effort
federalism|feder elect
federalism|feder emerg
federalism|feder employ
federalism|feder employe
federalism|feder energi
federalism|feder expenditur
federalism|feder facil
federalism|feder farm
federalism|feder financ
federalism|feder financi
federalism|feder fund
federalism|feder highway
federalism|feder home
federalism|feder incom
federalism|feder insur
federalism|feder invest
federalism|feder judg
federalism|feder judiciari
federalism|feder labor
federalism|feder legisl
federalism|feder level
federalism|feder loan
federalism|feder mandat
federalism|feder match
federalism|feder offic
federalism|feder offici
federalism|feder particip
federalism|feder pay
federalism|feder payment
federalism|feder polici
federalism|feder prison
federalism|feder procur
federalism|feder program
federalism|feder properti
federalism|feder prosecutor
federalism|feder regist
federalism|feder regul
federalism|feder regulatori
federalism|feder reserv
federalism|feder resourc
federalism|feder respons
federalism|feder revenu
federalism|feder role
federalism|feder rule
federalism|feder secur
federalism|feder servic
federalism|feder share
federalism|feder spend
federalism|feder standard
federalism|feder state
federalism|feder statut
federalism|feder subsidi
federalism|feder support
federalism|feder system
federalism|feder tax
federalism|feder taxpay
federalism|feder trade
federalism|feder treasuri
federalism|feder worker
federalism|financ agenc
federalism|first state
federalism|fund feder
federalism|fund state
federalism|general state
federalism|get feder
federalism|give feder
federalism|give state
federalism|go feder
federalism|go state
federalism|govern agenc
federalism|govern feder
federalism|govern regul
federalism|govern state
federalism|government agenc
federalism|governor state
federalism|great state
federalism|health agenc
federalism|help local
federalism|help state
federalism|home state
federalism|import state
federalism|includ state
federalism|increas feder
federalism|independ agenc
federalism|independ state
federalism|individu state
federalism|industri state
federalism|inform agenc
federalism|intellig agenc
federalism|interest state
federalism|interst commerc
federalism|interst highway
federalism|interst system
federalism|issu regul
federalism|issu state
federalism|job state
federalism|join union
federalism|jurisdict feder
federalism|justic state
federalism|know state
federalism|legisl state
federalism|level feder
federalism|limit feder
federalism|local agenc
federalism|local author
federalism|local board
federalism|local communiti
federalism|local control
federalism|local currenc
federalism|local economi
federalism|local educ
federalism|local elect
federalism|local govern
federalism|local interest
federalism|local level
federalism|local offici
federalism|local peopl
federalism|local polic
federalism|local program
federalism|local public
federalism|local school
federalism|local state
federalism|local tax
federalism|made feder
federalism|made state
federalism|make feder
federalism|manag agenc
federalism|mani feder
federalism|mani state
federalism|member feder
federalism|million feder
federalism|million state
federalism|nation feder
federalism|nation state
federalism|need feder
federalism|need state
federalism|northern state
federalism|nuclear regulatori
federalism|number state
federalism|offici state
federalism|one agenc
federalism|oper feder
federalism|oper state
federalism|paid feder
federalism|pay feder
federalism|percent feder
federalism|plan agenc
federalism|plan state
federalism|polici feder
federalism|polici statement
federalism|popul state
federalism|preempt state
federalism|present feder
federalism|present state
federalism|presid feder
federalism|presid state
federalism|privat agenc
federalism|problem state
federalism|produc state
federalism|program feder
federalism|program state
federalism|project state
federalism|propos feder
federalism|propos regul
federalism|protect agenc
federalism|protect feder
federalism|protect state
federalism|provid feder
federalism|provid state
federalism|provis feder
federalism|public agenc
federalism|receiv feder
federalism|reduc feder
federalism|reduct feder
federalism|regul commerc
federalism|regul govern
federalism|regul interst
federalism|regul issu
federalism|regul requir
federalism|regulatori agenc
federalism|regulatori author
federalism|regulatori burden
federalism|regulatori commiss
federalism|regulatori process
federalism|regulatori reform
federalism|repres state
federalism|requir agenc
federalism|requir feder
federalism|requir state
federalism|reserv state
federalism|resid state
federalism|respect state
federalism|respons feder
federalism|respons state
federalism|right state
federalism|role feder
federalism|rule regul
federalism|rural state
federalism|school state
federalism|secur agenc
federalism|serv state
federalism|servic agenc
federalism|servic feder
federalism|servic state
federalism|sever state
federalism|simpli state
federalism|southern border
federalism|southern state
federalism|sovereign state
federalism|spend feder
federalism|state abl
federalism|state across
federalism|state act
federalism|state action
federalism|state addit
federalism|state administr
federalism|state agenc
federalism|state agre
federalism|state air
federalism|state alli
federalism|state allow
federalism|state alreadi
federalism|state also
federalism|state american
federalism|state anoth
federalism|state appropri
federalism|state area
federalism|state arm
federalism|state armi
federalism|state around
federalism|state assist
federalism|state author
federalism|state becom
federalism|state believ
federalism|state board
federalism|state budget
federalism|state canada
federalism|state certain
federalism|state citi
federalism|state citizen
federalism|state clear
federalism|state colleagu
federalism|state colleg
federalism|state come
federalism|state commiss
federalism|state communiti
federalism|state concern
federalism|state congress
federalism|state continu
federalism|state contribut
federalism|state control
federalism|state counti
federalism|state countri
federalism|state cours
federalism|state current
federalism|state depart
federalism|state desir
federalism|state determin
federalism|state develop
federalism|state dont
federalism|state earlier
federalism|state economi
federalism|state educ
federalism|state effect
federalism|state elect
federalism|state employ
federalism|state enact
federalism|state establish
federalism|state even
federalism|state everi
federalism|state except
federalism|state export
federalism|state face
federalism|state far
federalism|state feder
federalism|state flexibl
federalism|state floor
federalism|state forc
federalism|state foreign
federalism|state fund
federalism|state general
federalism|state get
federalism|state give
federalism|state given
federalism|state go
federalism|state govern
federalism|state governor
federalism|state great
federalism|state help
federalism|state highway
federalism|state howev
federalism|state import
federalism|state includ
federalism|state increas
federalism|state intent
federalism|state interest
federalism|state intern
federalism|state involv
federalism|state just
federalism|state know
federalism|state larg
federalism|state last
federalism|state legisl
federalism|state legislatur
federalism|state level
federalism|state lie
federalism|state like
federalism|state line
federalism|state local
federalism|state made
federalism|state maintain
federalism|state make
federalism|state meet
federalism|state member
federalism|state might
federalism|state militari
federalism|state much
federalism|state municip
federalism|state must
federalism|state nation
federalism|state navi
federalism|state need
federalism|state never
federalism|state note
federalism|state offic
federalism|state offici
federalism|state parti
federalism|state particip
federalism|state particular
federalism|state pay
federalism|state peopl
federalism|state permit
federalism|state plan
federalism|state polici
federalism|state polit
federalism|state posit
federalism|state prison
federalism|state produc
federalism|state program
federalism|state provid
federalism|state public
federalism|state receiv
federalism|state recent
federalism|state recogn
federalism|state record
federalism|state region
federalism|state regul
federalism|state repres
federalism|state requir
federalism|state respect
federalism|state respons
federalism|state right
federalism|state said
federalism|state school
federalism|state section
federalism|state secur
federalism|state select
federalism|state share
federalism|state ship
federalism|state sinc
federalism|state soviet
federalism|state spend
federalism|state sponsor
federalism|state still
federalism|state support
federalism|state suprem
federalism|state take
federalism|state tax
federalism|state thing
federalism|state think
federalism|state trade
federalism|state treasuri
federalism|state tri
federalism|state two
federalism|state unemploy
federalism|state unit
federalism|state univers
federalism|state upon
federalism|state view
federalism|state want
federalism|state war
federalism|state whether
federalism|state wish
federalism|state world
federalism|state year
federalism|support feder
federalism|support local
federalism|support state
federalism|system feder
federalism|system state
federalism|tax state
federalism|think state
federalism|three state
federalism|throughout state
federalism|time feder
federalism|total feder
federalism|union address
federalism|union armi
federalism|union member
federalism|union soldier
federalism|union unit
federalism|upon feder
federalism|upon state
federalism|use feder
federalism|various agenc
federalism|various feder
federalism|various state
federalism|violat feder
federalism|vote feder
federalism|welfar state
federalism|western state
federalism|within feder
federalism|within state
federalism|without feder
federalism|year feder
foreign|abm treati
foreign|afghanistan iraq
foreign|agreement soviet
foreign|aid bill
foreign|aid fund
foreign|aid packag
foreign|aid program
foreign|aid state
foreign|al qaeda
foreign|american foreign
foreign|american troop
foreign|armenian genocid
foreign|asia africa
foreign|asian american
foreign|asian develop
foreign|asian pacif
foreign|atlant treati
foreign|chines communist
foreign|chines govern
foreign|chines labor
foreign|chines peopl
foreign|cold war
foreign|communist aggress
foreign|communist bloc
foreign|communist china
foreign|communist conspiraci
foreign|communist countri
foreign|communist govern
foreign|communist nation
foreign|communist parti
foreign|communist regim
foreign|communist russia
foreign|communist world
foreign|conduct foreign
foreign|cuban peopl
foreign|depend foreign
foreign|domest foreign
foreign|duti import
foreign|duti impos
foreign|duti paid
foreign|duti sugar
foreign|duti upon
foreign|duti wool
foreign|el salvador
foreign|europ asia
foreign|fight communism
foreign|food aid
foreign|forc iraq
foreign|foreign affair
foreign|foreign aid
foreign|foreign assist
foreign|foreign compani
foreign|foreign competit
foreign|foreign competitor
foreign|foreign countri
foreign|foreign currenc
foreign|foreign econom
foreign|foreign exchang
foreign|foreign govern
foreign|foreign import
foreign|foreign intellig
foreign|foreign invest
foreign|foreign languag
foreign|foreign manufactur
foreign|foreign militari
foreign|foreign minist
foreign|foreign nation
foreign|foreign oil
foreign|foreign oper
foreign|foreign polici
foreign|foreign produc
foreign|foreign servic
foreign|foreign ship
foreign|foreign sourc
foreign|foreign tax
foreign|foreign trade
foreign|foreign war
foreign|foreignaid program
foreign|former soviet
foreign|freedom independ
foreign|genocid convent
foreign|german govern
foreign|give aid
foreign|great britain
foreign|ground troop
foreign|humanitarian aid
foreign|ii treati
foreign|impact aid
foreign|import duti
foreign|import foreign
foreign|impos duti
foreign|increas duti
foreign|independ state
foreign|involv vietnam
foreign|iran nuclear
foreign|iraq afghanistan
foreign|iraq war
foreign|latin america
foreign|latin american
foreign|line duti
foreign|lithuanian independ
foreign|make treati
foreign|member communist
foreign|member foreign
foreign|mexican govern
foreign|mexican war
foreign|militari aid
foreign|negoti soviet
foreign|negoti treati
foreign|nonprolifer treati
foreign|panama canal
foreign|pay duti
foreign|peopl cuba
foreign|peopl puerto
foreign|perform duti
foreign|persian gulf
foreign|porto rican
foreign|porto rico
foreign|present duti
foreign|program aid
foreign|protect duti
foreign|provid aid
foreign|provis treati
foreign|puerto rican
foreign|puerto rico
foreign|put duti
foreign|rate duti
foreign|ratifi genocid
foreign|ratifi treati
foreign|red china
foreign|red chines
foreign|reduc duti
foreign|reduct duti
foreign|republ china
foreign|republ panama
foreign|right soviet
foreign|saddam hussein
foreign|send troop
foreign|sign treati
foreign|southeast asia
foreign|soviet author
foreign|soviet bloc
foreign|soviet govern
foreign|soviet jew
foreign|soviet jewri
foreign|soviet militari
foreign|soviet russia
foreign|soviet threat
foreign|soviet troop
foreign|soviet union
foreign|spanish war
foreign|spanishamerican war
foreign|specif duti
foreign|start treati
foreign|state canada
foreign|state foreign
foreign|state soviet
foreign|status china
foreign|tariff duti
foreign|term treati
foreign|treati made
foreign|treati ratifi
foreign|treati unit
foreign|troop home
foreign|union soviet
foreign|unit kingdom
foreign|unit statessoviet
foreign|upon foreign
foreign|use foreign
foreign|valorem duti
foreign|veteran foreign
foreign|vietnam conflict
foreign|vietnam era
foreign|vietnam veteran
foreign|vietnam war
foreign|vietnamera veteran
foreign|violat treati
foreign|war afghanistan
foreign|war germani
foreign|war iraq
foreign|war spain
foreign|war vietnam
foreign|withdraw troop
foreign|year soviet
government|accord depart
government|action agenc
government|action govern
government|activ depart
government|activ govern
government|administ depart
government|administr agenc
government|administr depart
government|administr govern
government|affair govern
government|agenc action
government|agenc administ
government|agenc age
government|agenc agenc
government|agenc also
government|agenc appropri
government|agenc author
government|agenc bill
government|agenc charg
government|agenc concern
government|agenc creat
government|agenc depart
government|agenc establish
government|agenc execut
government|agenc feder
government|agenc go
government|agenc govern
government|agenc head
government|agenc includ
government|agenc intern
government|agenc involv
government|agenc make
government|agenc must
government|agenc nation
government|agenc offic
government|agenc one
government|agenc oper
government|agenc program
government|agenc provid
government|agenc requir
government|agenc respons
government|agenc set
government|agenc state
government|agenc take
government|agenc unit
government|agenc use
government|agenc within
government|agricultur depart
government|aid highway
government|allow depart
government|allow govern
government|american govern
government|anoth agenc
government|appropri agenc
government|area agenc
government|area govern
government|assist govern
government|author govern
government|aviat agenc
government|believ govern
government|belong govern
government|benefit act
government|benefit amend
government|benefit american
government|benefit avail
government|benefit bill
government|benefit children
government|benefit famili
government|benefit farmer
government|benefit feder
government|benefit govern
government|benefit health
government|benefit includ
government|benefit increas
government|benefit individu
government|benefit legisl
government|benefit level
government|benefit mani
government|benefit medicar
government|benefit member
government|benefit nation
government|benefit need
government|benefit one
government|benefit paid
government|benefit payment
government|benefit peopl
government|benefit plan
government|benefit program
government|benefit provid
government|benefit public
government|benefit receiv
government|benefit reduc
government|benefit senior
government|benefit servic
government|benefit social
government|benefit state
government|benefit tax
government|benefit veteran
government|big govern
government|bill benefit
government|bill depart
government|bill govern
government|billion medicar
government|board governor
government|budget bureau
government|bureau alcohol
government|bureau budget
government|bureau census
government|bureau depart
government|bureau effici
government|bureau engrav
government|bureau feder
government|bureau indian
government|bureau intern
government|bureau investig
government|bureau labor
government|bureau mine
government|bureau narcot
government|bureau prison
government|bureau public
government|bureau reclam
government|bureau standard
government|bureau statist
government|busi govern
government|care benefit
government|care medicar
government|carri govern
government|census bureau
government|central govern
government|charg govern
government|chief bureau
government|children bureau
government|citi govern
government|citizen govern
government|civil govern
government|claim govern
government|commerc depart
government|communist govern
government|compens benefit
government|concern welfar
government|confid govern
government|consent govern
government|constitut govern
government|contract govern
government|control agenc
government|control govern
government|cost govern
government|cost medicar
government|counti govern
government|counti municip
government|countri govern
government|creat depart
government|credit govern
government|death benefit
government|defens agenc
government|defens depart
government|depart agricultur
government|depart also
government|depart armi
government|depart author
government|depart bill
government|depart commerc
government|depart defens
government|depart depart
government|depart educ
government|depart energi
government|depart estim
government|depart feder
government|depart govern
government|depart head
government|depart health
government|depart hew
government|depart homeland
government|depart interior
government|depart justic
government|depart labor
government|depart made
government|depart make
government|depart navi
government|depart offici
government|depart public
government|depart recommend
government|depart report
government|depart state
government|depart store
government|depart think
government|depart transport
government|depart treasuri
government|depart veteran
government|depart want
government|depart war
government|develop agenc
government|differ agenc
government|differ depart
government|direct depart
government|direct govern
government|director bureau
government|disabl benefit
government|disarma agenc
government|divis depart
government|done govern
government|duti govern
government|economi govern
government|educ agenc
government|educ benefit
government|educ depart
government|educ welfar
government|effect govern
government|elect govern
government|elect governor
government|elig benefit
government|employ govern
government|employe depart
government|employe govern
government|energi agenc
government|energi depart
government|energi regulatori
government|enforc agenc
government|enjoy benefit
government|entitl benefit
government|establish depart
government|establish govern
government|estim depart
government|everi agenc
government|everi depart
government|excess govern
government|execut agenc
government|execut depart
government|exist agenc
government|expenditur govern
government|expens govern
government|extend benefit
government|fact govern
government|farm bureau
government|favor govern
government|feder agenc
government|feder benefit
government|feder bureau
government|feder bureaucraci
government|feder bureaucrat
government|feder depart
government|feder highway
government|feder regulatori
government|financ agenc
government|fire depart
government|forc govern
government|foreign govern
government|form govern
government|former governor
government|foundat govern
government|function govern
government|fund agenc
government|fund depart
government|fund govern
government|fund highway
government|general depart
government|general govern
government|general welfar
government|german govern
government|get govern
government|get welfar
government|give govern
government|govern abil
government|govern account
government|govern act
government|govern action
government|govern activ
government|govern administr
government|govern agenc
government|govern aid
government|govern allow
government|govern alreadi
government|govern also
government|govern american
government|govern appropri
government|govern assist
government|govern assum
government|govern author
government|govern back
government|govern becom
government|govern believ
government|govern bill
government|govern bodi
government|govern borrow
government|govern build
government|govern bureaucraci
government|govern busi
government|govern buy
government|govern carri
government|govern certain
government|govern come
government|govern commit
government|govern concern
government|govern congress
government|govern constitut
government|govern construct
government|govern continu
government|govern contract
government|govern contribut
government|govern control
government|govern corpor
government|govern cost
government|govern countri
government|govern creat
government|govern depart
government|govern develop
government|govern direct
government|govern doesnt
government|govern effect
government|govern effort
government|govern el
government|govern employ
government|govern employe
government|govern enter
government|govern entiti
government|govern establish
government|govern even
government|govern ever
government|govern expenditur
government|govern expens
government|govern fact
government|govern fail
government|govern feder
government|govern financ
government|govern first
government|govern forc
government|govern foreign
government|govern fund
government|govern get
government|govern give
government|govern go
government|govern govern
government|govern great
government|govern guarante
government|govern help
government|govern howev
government|govern import
government|govern impos
government|govern includ
government|govern increas
government|govern industri
government|govern inform
government|govern interest
government|govern interfer
government|govern intervent
government|govern invest
government|govern involv
government|govern issu
government|govern job
government|govern just
government|govern know
government|govern legisl
government|govern level
government|govern like
government|govern loan
government|govern local
government|govern made
government|govern make
government|govern manag
government|govern mandat
government|govern mani
government|govern matter
government|govern might
government|govern move
government|govern must
government|govern nation
government|govern need
government|govern never
government|govern oblig
government|govern offic
government|govern offici
government|govern one
government|govern oper
government|govern order
government|govern organ
government|govern owe
government|govern own
government|govern ownership
government|govern paid
government|govern particip
government|govern particular
government|govern pay
government|govern peopl
government|govern polici
government|govern posit
government|govern present
government|govern presid
government|govern print
government|govern privat
government|govern procur
government|govern program
government|govern properti
government|govern protect
government|govern provid
government|govern public
government|govern purchas
government|govern purpos
government|govern put
government|govern receiv
government|govern recogn
government|govern reform
government|govern regul
government|govern repres
government|govern requir
government|govern respect
government|govern respons
government|govern revenu
government|govern right
government|govern role
government|govern run
government|govern said
government|govern secur
government|govern servic
government|govern set
government|govern share
government|govern shut
government|govern shutdown
government|govern sinc
government|govern spend
government|govern state
government|govern subsidi
government|govern support
government|govern take
government|govern tax
government|govern think
government|govern time
government|govern tri
government|govern unit
government|govern upon
government|govern use
government|govern want
government|govern war
government|govern wast
government|govern way
government|govern without
government|govern worker
government|govern world
government|govern yard
government|government agenc
government|government unit
government|governor associ
government|governor confer
government|governor feder
government|governor state
government|great depart
government|great govern
government|growth govern
government|head agenc
government|head bureau
government|health agenc
government|health depart
government|health welfar
government|highway act
government|highway administr
government|highway beautif
government|highway bill
government|highway construct
government|highway depart
government|highway fund
government|highway program
government|highway project
government|highway safeti
government|highway system
government|highway traffic
government|highway transit
government|highway trust
government|histori govern
government|hudindepend agenc
government|improv medicar
government|increas govern
government|increas medicar
government|independ agenc
government|indian bureau
government|industri govern
government|inform agenc
government|institut govern
government|intellig agenc
government|interest govern
government|interest welfar
government|intergovernment relat
government|interior depart
government|interst highway
government|invas privaci
government|justic depart
government|keep govern
government|know govern
government|labor depart
government|legisl depart
government|lend agenc
government|less govern
government|level govern
government|lieuten governor
government|limit govern
government|lineitem veto
government|local agenc
government|local govern
government|local government
government|local selfgovern
government|loss govern
government|made depart
government|made govern
government|make govern
government|manag agenc
government|mani agenc
government|mani govern
government|medicaid coverag
government|medicaid medicar
government|medicaid program
government|medicar beneficiari
government|medicar benefit
government|medicar bill
government|medicar coverag
government|medicar drug
government|medicar medicaid
government|medicar patient
government|medicar pay
government|medicar payment
government|medicar prescript
government|medicar program
government|medicar provid
government|medicar reform
government|medicar reimburs
government|medicar social
government|medicar spend
government|medicar system
government|medicar trust
government|member govern
government|militari depart
government|municip govern
government|municip industri
government|nation bureau
government|nation govern
government|nation governor
government|nation highway
government|nation welfar
government|navi depart
government|need govern
government|nuclear regulatori
government|oblig govern
government|offic govern
government|offici depart
government|offici govern
government|one agenc
government|one depart
government|one govern
government|open govern
government|oper govern
government|organ govern
government|oversight govern
government|overthrow govern
government|own govern
government|paid govern
government|pay benefit
government|pay govern
government|pension agenc
government|pension benefit
government|pension bureau
government|peopl govern
government|peopl welfar
government|percent medicar
government|plan agenc
government|polic depart
government|polici govern
government|posit govern
government|present govern
government|presid depart
government|principl govern
government|privaci act
government|privaci protect
government|privaci right
government|privat agenc
government|process govern
government|program agenc
government|program benefit
government|program depart
government|program govern
government|program medicar
government|properti govern
government|propos depart
government|protect agenc
government|protect govern
government|protect privaci
government|provid benefit
government|provid depart
government|provid govern
government|provid medicar
government|public agenc
government|public benefit
government|public highway
government|purpos govern
government|put govern
government|recommend depart
government|reduc govern
government|reform medicar
government|reform welfar
government|regul govern
government|regulatori agenc
government|regulatori author
government|regulatori bodi
government|regulatori burden
government|regulatori commiss
government|regulatori flexibl
government|regulatori polici
government|regulatori process
government|regulatori program
government|regulatori reform
government|regulatori relief
government|regulatori system
government|repres depart
government|repres govern
government|request depart
government|requir agenc
government|requir depart
government|requir govern
government|respons govern
government|retir benefit
government|revenu govern
government|review agenc
government|right govern
government|right privaci
government|role govern
government|run govern
government|said govern
government|save govern
government|save medicar
government|secretari depart
government|secur agenc
government|secur medicar
government|servic agenc
government|servic bureau
government|servic depart
government|servic govern
government|shut govern
government|size govern
government|social welfar
government|spend govern
government|ssi benefit
government|stabl govern
government|stamp benefit
government|state agenc
government|state benefit
government|state depart
government|state govern
government|state governor
government|state highway
government|state medicaid
government|state municip
government|state regulatori
government|stimulus bill
government|stimulus packag
government|support govern
government|system govern
government|tax govern
government|territori govern
government|thing govern
government|think govern
government|tile govern
government|time govern
government|transfer depart
government|treasuri depart
government|two agenc
government|two govern
government|unemploy benefit
government|unit govern
government|upon govern
government|use benefit
government|use govern
government|various agenc
government|various depart
government|veteran benefit
government|veteran bureau
government|voluntari agenc
government|want govern
government|war depart
government|wast govern
government|way govern
government|weather bureau
government|welfar benefit
government|welfar bill
government|welfar countri
government|welfar depart
government|welfar fund
government|welfar nation
government|welfar payment
government|welfar peopl
government|welfar program
government|welfar recipi
government|welfar reform
government|welfar roll
government|welfar state
government|welfar system
government|whether govern
government|within depart
government|within govern
government|without govern
government|year depart
government|year govern
health|abus mental
health|access care
health|access health
health|access medic
health|acut care
health|address health
health|adequ health
health|adequ medic
health|administr hospit
health|administr medic
health|affect health
health|afford coverag
health|afford health
health|alli health
health|america health
health|american health
health|american hospit
health|american medic
health|area health
health|associ health
health|basic health
health|benefit health
health|benefit medicar
health|best health
health|better care
health|better health
health|bill care
health|bill health
health|bill medicar
health|billion medicar
health|board health
health|build hospit
health|buy health
health|care access
health|care act
health|care afford
health|care age
health|care america
health|care american
health|care analysi
health|care assist
health|care attent
health|care avail
health|care balanc
health|care benefit
health|care bill
health|care budget
health|care care
health|care center
health|care children
health|care choic
health|care communiti
health|care cost
health|care countri
health|care coverag
health|care craft
health|care crisi
health|care deliber
health|care deliveri
health|care deserv
health|care develop
health|care doctor
health|care dollar
health|care draft
health|care drawn
health|care educ
health|care employe
health|care evalu
health|care even
health|care examin
health|care expens
health|care facil
health|care fact
health|care famili
health|care financ
health|care food
health|care fraud
health|care fund
health|care go
health|care health
health|care home
health|care hospit
health|care improv
health|care includ
health|care increas
health|care individu
health|care industri
health|care insur
health|care investig
health|care issu
health|care job
health|care kid
health|care legisl
health|care look
health|care mani
health|care medic
health|care medicar
health|care men
health|care nation
health|care need
health|care noth
health|care one
health|care option
health|care organ
health|care parent
health|care patient
health|care peopl
health|care physician
health|care plan
health|care polici
health|care poor
health|care premium
health|care problem
health|care profession
health|care program
health|care propos
health|care protect
health|care provid
health|care provis
health|care qualiti
health|care receiv
health|care reform
health|care review
health|care right
health|care rural
health|care scrutini
health|care secur
health|care senior
health|care servic
health|care sick
health|care situat
health|care spend
health|care state
health|care studi
health|care support
health|care system
health|care tax
health|care time
health|care treatment
health|care veteran
health|care women
health|care worker
health|catastroph coverag
health|cell research
health|center health
health|center medicar
health|chang health
health|chang medicar
health|chief medic
health|children care
health|children health
health|children hospit
health|choic health
health|come health
health|communiti health
health|communiti hospit
health|communiti mental
health|comprehens health
health|concern health
health|congress care
health|consid care
health|construct hospit
health|continu health
health|control health
health|cost care
health|cost health
health|cost hospit
health|cost medic
health|cost medicar
health|countri health
health|cover health
health|cover medicar
health|coverag act
health|coverag bill
health|coverag children
health|coverag employe
health|coverag medicar
health|coverag need
health|critic health
health|current health
health|current medicar
health|deduct health
health|defens medicin
health|deliveri health
health|deni coverag
health|deni health
health|dental care
health|depart health
health|depend care
health|deserv care
health|doctor health
health|doctor hospit
health|doctor nurs
health|drug coverag
health|drug medic
health|educ health
health|elig medicaid
health|elig medicar
health|emerg care
health|emerg medic
health|employ health
health|employe health
health|ensur health
health|entir career
health|expand coverag
health|expand health
health|expand medicaid
health|extend coverag
health|famili caregiv
health|famili health
health|famili medic
health|feder health
health|food medic
health|food medicin
health|food nutrit
health|fund health
health|fund medicar
health|futur health
health|general hospit
health|get coverag
health|get health
health|get medic
health|get medicar
health|global health
health|go hospit
health|go medicar
health|govern health
health|graduat medic
health|group health
health|health act
health|health administr
health|health agenc
health|health american
health|health associ
health|health benefit
health|health bill
health|health block
health|health care
health|health center
health|health children
health|health clinic
health|health communiti
health|health concern
health|health cost
health|health coverag
health|health crisi
health|health depart
health|health dispar
health|health educ
health|health effect
health|health facil
health|health fund
health|health happi
health|health hazard
health|health human
health|health inform
health|health insur
health|health issu
health|health legisl
health|health life
health|health mainten
health|health manpow
health|health medic
health|health mother
health|health nation
health|health need
health|health nutrit
health|health offic
health|health offici
health|health organ
health|health outcom
health|health pariti
health|health peopl
health|health personnel
health|health plan
health|health polici
health|health problem
health|health profess
health|health profession
health|health program
health|health promot
health|health protect
health|health provid
health|health reform
health|health research
health|health resourc
health|health safeti
health|health save
health|health scienc
health|health secur
health|health servic
health|health social
health|health standard
health|health status
health|health subcommitte
health|health system
health|health threat
health|health welfar
health|health wellb
health|healthcar system
health|hiv aid
health|hiv infect
health|hiv posit
health|hiv virus
health|home care
health|home health
health|hospic care
health|hospit associ
health|hospit bed
health|hospit bill
health|hospit care
health|hospit clinic
health|hospit construct
health|hospit cost
health|hospit doctor
health|hospit emerg
health|hospit facil
health|hospit health
health|hospit insur
health|hospit medic
health|hospit nurs
health|hospit provid
health|hospit servic
health|hospit stay
health|hospit veteran
health|human health
health|hunger malnutrit
health|impact health
health|import health
health|improv health
health|improv medicar
health|includ health
health|increas health
health|increas medicar
health|indian health
health|individu health
health|infect hiv
health|institut health
health|institut medicin
health|institut mental
health|insur coverag
health|insur health
health|intens care
health|invest health
health|issu health
health|lack health
health|life health
health|like medicar
health|local health
health|local hospit
health|longterm care
health|longterm health
health|lose coverag
health|lose health
health|make health
health|make medicar
health|manag care
health|mani health
health|medic assist
health|medic associ
health|medic attent
health|medic benefit
health|medic bill
health|medic care
health|medic center
health|medic colleg
health|medic communiti
health|medic corp
health|medic cost
health|medic dental
health|medic devic
health|medic doctor
health|medic educ
health|medic emerg
health|medic equip
health|medic error
health|medic expens
health|medic facil
health|medic hospit
health|medic inform
health|medic insur
health|medic judgment
health|medic leav
health|medic liabil
health|medic malpractic
health|medic necessari
health|medic need
health|medic offic
health|medic personnel
health|medic practic
health|medic problem
health|medic procedur
health|medic profess
health|medic profession
health|medic program
health|medic record
health|medic research
health|medic save
health|medic school
health|medic scienc
health|medic servic
health|medic societi
health|medic student
health|medic suppli
health|medic system
health|medic technolog
health|medic treatment
health|medic underserv
health|medicaid cost
health|medicaid coverag
health|medicaid fund
health|medicaid medicar
health|medicaid patient
health|medicaid program
health|medicaid servic
health|medicaid social
health|medicar advantag
health|medicar beneficiari
health|medicar benefit
health|medicar bill
health|medicar cost
health|medicar coverag
health|medicar drug
health|medicar fund
health|medicar go
health|medicar health
health|medicar know
health|medicar medicaid
health|medicar medicar
health|medicar modern
health|medicar patient
health|medicar pay
health|medicar payment
health|medicar plan
health|medicar premium
health|medicar prescript
health|medicar program
health|medicar provid
health|medicar recipi
health|medicar reform
health|medicar reimburs
health|medicar senior
health|medicar social
health|medicar spend
health|medicar system
health|medicar tax
health|medicar trust
health|medicin surgeri
health|meet health
health|member health
health|mental health
health|mental hospit
health|mental ill
health|mental physic
health|mental retard
health|migrant health
health|militari health
health|militari hospit
health|militari medic
health|million medicar
health|mine health
health|nation health
health|need health
health|need hospit
health|need medic
health|nurs associ
health|nurs care
health|nurs facil
health|nurs home
health|nurs practition
health|nurs school
health|nurs shortag
health|nurs train
health|nutrit act
health|nutrit assist
health|nutrit educ
health|nutrit health
health|nutrit human
health|nutrit need
health|nutrit program
health|nutrit servic
health|ob gyn
health|obstetrician gynecologist
health|occup health
health|offer health
health|overal health
health|patient care
health|patient health
health|pay health
health|pay medic
health|pay medicar
health|peopl care
health|peopl health
health|peopl medicar
health|percent health
health|percent medicar
health|physic health
health|physic mental
health|plan health
health|plan medicar
health|practic medicin
health|prenat care
health|prevent care
health|prevent health
health|prevent medicin
health|primari care
health|primari health
health|privat health
health|problem health
health|problem medicar
health|program care
health|program health
health|program medic
health|program medicar
health|proper care
health|protect health
health|protect medicar
health|provid coverag
health|provid health
health|provid hospit
health|provid medic
health|provid medicar
health|public health
health|purchas health
health|qualifi medicaid
health|qualiti care
health|qualiti health
health|qualiti medic
health|receiv care
health|receiv health
health|receiv medic
health|reduc health
health|reform health
health|reform medicar
health|regard health
health|region medic
health|regist nurs
health|relat health
health|reproduct health
health|requir care
health|requir health
health|respit care
health|retire health
health|rise health
health|rural health
health|rural hospit
health|safe healthi
health|safeti health
health|save medicar
health|school health
health|school hospit
health|school medicin
health|school nurs
health|secretari health
health|secur coverag
health|secur health
health|secur medicar
health|see medicar
health|senior health
health|senior medicar
health|serious health
health|servic health
health|servic hospit
health|servic medicar
health|skill nurs
health|social medicin
health|spend health
health|spread hiv
health|standard care
health|state health
health|state medic
health|state medicaid
health|stay healthi
health|stem cell
health|strengthen medicar
health|subcommitte health
health|support health
health|system health
health|take medicar
health|talk health
health|talk medicar
health|teach hospit
health|term health
health|tradit medicar
health|train health
health|univers coverag
health|univers health
health|us care
health|use health
health|use medic
health|va health
health|va hospit
health|va medic
health|veteran health
health|veteran hospit
health|veteran medic
health|want health
health|without health
health|woman health
health|women health
health|world health
health|year health
health|year medicar
immigration|across border
immigration|administr foreign
immigration|allow foreign
immigration|along border
immigration|american foreign
immigration|beyond border
immigration|billion foreign
immigration|border patrol
immigration|border protect
immigration|border region
immigration|border secur
immigration|border state
immigration|border unit
immigration|broken immigr
immigration|canadian border
immigration|citizenship immigr
immigration|come foreign
immigration|come illeg
immigration|comprehens immigr
immigration|control border
immigration|countri illeg
immigration|custom border
immigration|enforc immigr
immigration|feder immigr
immigration|flow illeg
immigration|foreign born
immigration|foreign languag
immigration|foreign student
immigration|foreign worker
immigration|illeg activ
immigration|illeg immigr
immigration|immigr act
immigration|immigr children
immigration|immigr come
immigration|immigr countri
immigration|immigr custom
immigration|immigr enforc
immigration|immigr issu
immigration|immigr natur
immigration|immigr polici
immigration|immigr problem
immigration|immigr reform
immigration|immigr refuge
immigration|immigr servic
immigration|immigr status
immigration|immigr subcommitte
immigration|immigr system
immigration|immigr unit
immigration|immigr visa
immigration|involv foreign
immigration|legal illeg
immigration|legal immigr
immigration|mani foreign
immigration|mexican border
immigration|million foreign
immigration|million illeg
immigration|nation border
immigration|nation immigr
immigration|need foreign
immigration|northern border
immigration|open border
immigration|peopl foreign
immigration|peopl illeg
immigration|percent foreign
immigration|protect border
immigration|reform immigr
immigration|report foreign
immigration|resid alien
immigration|restrict immigr
immigration|secur border
immigration|side border
immigration|southern border
immigration|southwest border
immigration|state border
immigration|state illeg
immigration|stop illeg
immigration|subcommitte immigr
immigration|undocu immigr
immigration|undocu worker
immigration|within border
justice|abl lawyer
justice|abort right
justice|abridg right
justice|absolut right
justice|access court
justice|access justic
justice|acquir right
justice|act justic
justice|action court
justice|administr justic
justice|allow court
justice|america right
justice|american right
justice|appeal court
justice|appel court
justice|assert right
justice|assist attorney
justice|associ attorney
justice|attorney fee
justice|attorney general
justice|attorney offic
justice|attorneygener unit
justice|author attorney
justice|author court
justice|bankruptci court
justice|bargain right
justice|basic right
justice|believ right
justice|bill right
justice|bring justic
justice|brought justic
justice|busi right
justice|care right
justice|certain right
justice|chief justic
justice|children right
justice|circuit court
justice|citizen right
justice|civil justic
justice|civil right
justice|claim court
justice|claim right
justice|clerk court
justice|clerk depart
justice|clerk employ
justice|clerk employe
justice|clerk offic
justice|come court
justice|come right
justice|commerc justic
justice|commiss right
justice|compani right
justice|concern right
justice|congress court
justice|congress right
justice|constitut lawyer
justice|constitut right
justice|consum right
justice|correct injustic
justice|counti clerk
justice|countri right
justice|court action
justice|court alreadi
justice|court also
justice|court appeal
justice|court appoint
justice|court author
justice|court believ
justice|court bill
justice|court challeng
justice|court civil
justice|court congress
justice|court consid
justice|court constitut
justice|court countri
justice|court court
justice|court determin
justice|court enforc
justice|court equiti
justice|court feder
justice|court find
justice|court found
justice|court go
justice|court hear
justice|court intern
justice|court interpret
justice|court issu
justice|court judg
justice|court jurisdict
justice|court justic
justice|court last
justice|court made
justice|court make
justice|court might
justice|court must
justice|court nomin
justice|court nomine
justice|court one
justice|court opinion
justice|court order
justice|court proceed
justice|court recent
justice|court review
justice|court right
justice|court rule
justice|court said
justice|court system
justice|court take
justice|court time
justice|court upheld
justice|court vacanc
justice|courtord buse
justice|crimin court
justice|crimin justic
justice|crimin trial
justice|defend right
justice|deni right
justice|denial right
justice|depart justic
justice|deputi attorney
justice|deserv right
justice|determin right
justice|distinguish lawyer
justice|drug court
justice|econom justic
justice|economi right
justice|employ right
justice|employe right
justice|enforc right
justice|enjoy right
justice|ensur right
justice|entir right
justice|equal justic
justice|equal right
justice|establish court
justice|everi lawyer
justice|everi right
justice|exact right
justice|exclus right
justice|exercis right
justice|exist right
justice|fact right
justice|famili right
justice|feder court
justice|feder courthous
justice|feder habea
justice|feder judici
justice|feder judiciari
justice|fight right
justice|find right
justice|fisa court
justice|former attorney
justice|freedom justic
justice|freedom right
justice|full judiciari
justice|fundament right
justice|get court
justice|give attorney
justice|give right
justice|go court
justice|got right
justice|govern right
justice|great injustic
justice|great lawyer
justice|guarante right
justice|habea corpus
justice|hear judiciari
justice|high court
justice|highest court
justice|human right
justice|import right
justice|improv judici
justice|inalien right
justice|includ right
justice|independ judiciari
justice|indian right
justice|individu right
justice|injustic done
justice|intern court
justice|intern justic
justice|issu right
justice|job right
justice|judg court
justice|judgment court
justice|judici activ
justice|judici confer
justice|judici emerg
justice|judici machineri
justice|judici nomin
justice|judici nomine
justice|judici offic
justice|judici philosophi
justice|judici proceed
justice|judici process
justice|judici review
justice|judici system
justice|judici tempera
justice|judici tribun
justice|judici vacanc
justice|judiciari subcommitte
justice|juri trial
justice|jurisdict court
justice|justic act
justice|justic american
justice|justic assist
justice|justic burger
justice|justic delinqu
justice|justic depart
justice|justic done
justice|justic equal
justice|justic frankfurt
justice|justic program
justice|justic rehnquist
justice|justic scalia
justice|justic scienc
justice|justic state
justice|justic system
justice|justic unit
justice|juvenil court
justice|juvenil justic
justice|know right
justice|labor right
justice|lawyer know
justice|legisl judici
justice|legisl right
justice|legitim right
justice|liberti justic
justice|limit right
justice|lower court
justice|member court
justice|member judiciari
justice|militari justic
justice|moral right
justice|nation right
justice|natur right
justice|need right
justice|obstruct justic
justice|one right
justice|opinion attorney
justice|opinion court
justice|opportun right
justice|order court
justice|parent right
justice|patent right
justice|patient right
justice|peopl right
justice|place right
justice|plaintiff attorney
justice|polic court
justice|polit right
justice|preserv right
justice|presid right
justice|privaci right
justice|privat right
justice|problem right
justice|process right
justice|program right
justice|properti right
justice|prosecut attorney
justice|protect right
justice|provid court
justice|provid right
justice|public right
justice|put right
justice|recent court
justice|recogn right
justice|requir attorney
justice|requir court
justice|respect right
justice|restrict right
justice|retain right
justice|review court
justice|right abort
justice|right abus
justice|right access
justice|right across
justice|right act
justice|right action
justice|right activist
justice|right along
justice|right also
justice|right america
justice|right american
justice|right around
justice|right assum
justice|right balanc
justice|right bear
justice|right believ
justice|right belong
justice|right bill
justice|right certain
justice|right children
justice|right china
justice|right choic
justice|right choos
justice|right citizen
justice|right civil
justice|right claim
justice|right come
justice|right commiss
justice|right concern
justice|right congress
justice|right constitut
justice|right continu
justice|right control
justice|right countri
justice|right cours
justice|right defend
justice|right democraci
justice|right deni
justice|right determin
justice|right direct
justice|right divis
justice|right dont
justice|right duti
justice|right emigr
justice|right emin
justice|right employe
justice|right enforc
justice|right enter
justice|right equal
justice|right even
justice|right exist
justice|right expect
justice|right express
justice|right fact
justice|right feder
justice|right first
justice|right fix
justice|right freedom
justice|right front
justice|right fundament
justice|right get
justice|right give
justice|right given
justice|right govern
justice|right group
justice|right guarante
justice|right heart
justice|right home
justice|right human
justice|right import
justice|right includ
justice|right indian
justice|right individu
justice|right interest
justice|right intern
justice|right issu
justice|right just
justice|right justic
justice|right keep
justice|right know
justice|right labor
justice|right leader
justice|right left
justice|right legisl
justice|right liberti
justice|right life
justice|right mani
justice|right matter
justice|right men
justice|right middl
justice|right movement
justice|right must
justice|right nation
justice|right need
justice|right oblig
justice|right one
justice|right organ
justice|right other
justice|right parti
justice|right particip
justice|right pass
justice|right peopl
justice|right petit
justice|right place
justice|right point
justice|right polici
justice|right practic
justice|right presid
justice|right privaci
justice|right privat
justice|right problem
justice|right proper
justice|right properti
justice|right provid
justice|right provis
justice|right public
justice|right put
justice|right reason
justice|right record
justice|right regul
justice|right religi
justice|right respect
justice|right respons
justice|right said
justice|right selfdefens
justice|right selfdetermin
justice|right set
justice|right side
justice|right situat
justice|right soviet
justice|right state
justice|right strike
justice|right subcommitte
justice|right sue
justice|right support
justice|right take
justice|right talk
justice|right target
justice|right tax
justice|right thing
justice|right think
justice|right time
justice|right titl
justice|right track
justice|right treati
justice|right tri
justice|right trial
justice|right unit
justice|right upon
justice|right us
justice|right use
justice|right victim
justice|right violat
justice|right want
justice|right way
justice|right wing
justice|right without
justice|right women
justice|right worker
justice|right wrong
justice|said court
justice|said right
justice|secur right
justice|see right
justice|seek justic
justice|sens justic
justice|servic attorney
justice|simpl justic
justice|social justic
justice|someth right
justice|sovereign right
justice|special court
justice|speech right
justice|speedi trial
justice|stand right
justice|state courthous
justice|state judiciari
justice|state right
justice|strike right
justice|subcommitte court
justice|superior court
justice|support right
justice|sure right
justice|surrend right
justice|system justic
justice|system right
justice|take right
justice|talk right
justice|tax court
justice|taxpay right
justice|tile right
justice|time right
justice|treati right
justice|tri right
justice|trial court
justice|trial judg
justice|trial juri
justice|trial lawyer
justice|unalien right
justice|union right
justice|us right
justice|victim right
justice|violat right
justice|vote right
justice|want right
justice|war right
justice|without trial
justice|woman right
justice|women right
justice|worker right
justice|world court
justice|writ habea
justice|year right
labor|abil pay
labor|abl pay
labor|actual pay
labor|addit compens
labor|addit employe
labor|addit job
labor|addit pay
labor|adjust compens
labor|afford pay
labor|agricultur labor
labor|agricultur worker
labor|allow employ
labor|america pay
labor|america worker
labor|american job
labor|american labor
labor|american pay
labor|american unemploy
labor|american worker
labor|applic pension
labor|appropri pay
labor|associ retir
labor|auto worker
labor|averag wage
labor|avoid pay
labor|back pay
labor|base pay
labor|basic pay
labor|benefit employe
labor|benefit payment
labor|benefit worker
labor|better job
labor|bill pay
labor|bureau labor
labor|busi employ
labor|busi job
labor|busi labor
labor|busi pay
labor|capit labor
labor|care worker
labor|cheap labor
labor|chines labor
labor|civilian employe
labor|coal strike
labor|colleagu pay
labor|commerc labor
labor|commission pension
labor|compani pay
labor|compel pay
labor|compens act
labor|compens benefit
labor|compens paid
labor|compens pension
labor|compens program
labor|compens servic
labor|compens system
labor|compens victim
labor|comprehens employ
labor|congression pay
labor|construct job
labor|construct worker
labor|consum pay
labor|continu pay
labor|contract labor
labor|convict labor
labor|corpor pay
labor|cost job
labor|cost labor
labor|cost taxpay
labor|countri pay
labor|creat job
labor|creation job
labor|daili worker
labor|debt pay
labor|depart labor
labor|difficult job
labor|direct payment
labor|disabl compens
labor|discrimin employ
labor|disloc worker
labor|displac worker
labor|dollar pay
labor|domest worker
labor|draw pension
labor|draw salari
labor|economi job
labor|educ employ
labor|educ job
labor|emerg unemploy
labor|employ act
labor|employ contribut
labor|employ discrimin
labor|employ employ
labor|employ employe
labor|employ feder
labor|employ govern
labor|employ labor
labor|employ men
labor|employ must
labor|employ opportun
labor|employ pay
labor|employ peopl
labor|employ practic
labor|employ program
labor|employ provid
labor|employ sanction
labor|employ secur
labor|employ servic
labor|employ state
labor|employ tax
labor|employ train
labor|employe benefit
labor|employe compens
labor|employe depart
labor|employe employ
labor|employe feder
labor|employe govern
labor|employe health
labor|employe organ
labor|employe pay
labor|employe receiv
labor|employe retir
labor|employe right
labor|employe state
labor|employe union
labor|employe unit
labor|end pay
labor|enough pay
labor|entitl pension
labor|equal employ
labor|equal pay
labor|excel job
labor|extend unemploy
labor|extens unemploy
labor|extra pay
labor|famili pay
labor|farm labor
labor|farm worker
labor|farmer labor
labor|farmer pay
labor|farmer union
labor|feder employ
labor|feder employe
labor|feder labor
labor|feder retir
labor|feder retire
labor|feder salari
labor|feder unemploy
labor|feder worker
labor|fewer job
labor|find employ
labor|find job
labor|finish job
labor|forc labor
labor|forc pay
labor|foreign labor
labor|foreign worker
labor|full employ
labor|fund pay
labor|get job
labor|get pay
labor|give employ
labor|give pension
labor|go job
labor|go pay
labor|goodpay job
labor|govern employ
labor|govern employe
labor|govern job
labor|govern pay
labor|govern worker
labor|great job
labor|growth job
labor|guest worker
labor|help pay
labor|help unemploy
labor|help worker
labor|high unemploy
labor|high wage
labor|higher wage
labor|highest unemploy
labor|highpay job
labor|hour labor
labor|hour wage
labor|import job
labor|increas compens
labor|increas employ
labor|increas job
labor|increas salari
labor|increas unemploy
labor|increas wage
labor|individu retir
labor|industri employ
labor|industri labor
labor|industri worker
labor|inflat unemploy
labor|insur employe
labor|insur unemploy
labor|intern labor
labor|invest job
labor|job act
labor|job also
labor|job america
labor|job american
labor|job avail
labor|job back
labor|job bill
labor|job come
labor|job congress
labor|job corp
labor|job countri
labor|job creat
labor|job creation
labor|job creator
labor|job done
labor|job dont
labor|job econom
labor|job economi
labor|job even
labor|job everi
labor|job fact
labor|job get
labor|job go
labor|job growth
labor|job help
labor|job home
labor|job import
labor|job increas
labor|job job
labor|job just
labor|job keep
labor|job know
labor|job last
labor|job loss
labor|job lost
labor|job make
labor|job mani
labor|job move
labor|job must
labor|job need
labor|job next
labor|job one
labor|job opportun
labor|job oversea
labor|job pay
labor|job peopl
labor|job privat
labor|job program
labor|job protect
labor|job provid
labor|job put
labor|job result
labor|job right
labor|job search
labor|job secur
labor|job sinc
labor|job skill
labor|job state
labor|job take
labor|job talk
labor|job tax
labor|job think
labor|job time
labor|job train
labor|job tri
labor|job unemploy
labor|job unit
labor|job want
labor|job without
labor|job year
labor|join union
labor|just compens
labor|just pay
labor|keep job
labor|kill job
labor|labor act
labor|labor bill
labor|labor board
labor|labor capit
labor|labor class
labor|labor cost
labor|labor countri
labor|labor depart
labor|labor disput
labor|labor employ
labor|labor environment
labor|labor forc
labor|labor hhs
labor|labor human
labor|labor industri
labor|labor leader
labor|labor legisl
labor|labor manag
labor|labor men
labor|labor movement
labor|labor organ
labor|labor peopl
labor|labor practic
labor|labor protect
labor|labor relat
labor|labor right
labor|labor standard
labor|labor statist
labor|labor subcommitte
labor|labor surplus
labor|labor union
labor|laborhew appropri
labor|labormanag relat
labor|level unemploy
labor|liberti union
labor|like pay
labor|loan repay
labor|local union
labor|longterm unemploy
labor|look job
labor|lose job
labor|loss job
labor|lost job
labor|lower wage
labor|magnific job
labor|manag labor
labor|mani employe
labor|mani job
labor|mani worker
labor|manual labor
labor|manufactur job
labor|medicar pay
labor|member labor
labor|member union
labor|men employ
labor|mexican labor
labor|mexican worker
labor|migrant worker
labor|migratori labor
labor|militari pay
labor|militari retir
labor|militari retire
labor|million job
labor|million unemploy
labor|million worker
labor|mine worker
labor|minimum wage
labor|move job
labor|must pay
labor|nation labor
labor|nation laboratori
labor|nation unemploy
labor|need job
labor|need pay
labor|number employe
labor|number job
labor|number unemploy
labor|oblig pay
labor|offic employe
labor|offic retir
labor|oldag pension
labor|older worker
labor|one job
labor|one pay
labor|onthejob train
labor|opportun pay
labor|order pay
labor|organ labor
labor|outstand job
labor|overtim pay
labor|paid labor
labor|pauper labor
labor|pay abort
labor|pay act
labor|pay addit
labor|pay allow
labor|pay amount
labor|pay averag
labor|pay benefit
labor|pay close
labor|pay cost
labor|pay duti
labor|pay employe
labor|pay enlist
labor|pay equal
labor|pay feder
labor|pay full
labor|pay go
labor|pay govern
labor|pay health
labor|pay high
labor|pay higher
labor|pay incom
labor|pay job
labor|pay just
labor|pay less
labor|pay men
labor|pay much
labor|pay nation
labor|pay pension
labor|pay rais
labor|pay rate
labor|pay roll
labor|pay salari
labor|pay system
labor|pay tax
labor|pay tribut
labor|payabl gold
labor|payrol tax
labor|pension agenc
labor|pension also
labor|pension benefit
labor|pension bureau
labor|pension claim
labor|pension fund
labor|pension legisl
labor|pension offic
labor|pension plan
labor|pension rate
labor|pension reform
labor|pension roll
labor|pension soldier
labor|pension system
labor|pension widow
labor|peopl employ
labor|peopl job
labor|peopl unemploy
labor|percent employ
labor|percent job
labor|percent pay
labor|percent unemploy
labor|percent worker
labor|postal employe
labor|postal worker
labor|prevail wage
labor|prison labor
labor|privat employ
labor|privat pension
labor|problem unemploy
labor|produc job
labor|product employ
labor|product labor
labor|program job
labor|protect employe
labor|protect job
labor|protect labor
labor|protect worker
labor|provid compens
labor|provid employ
labor|provid employe
labor|provid job
labor|public employ
labor|public employe
labor|railroad employe
labor|railroad labor
labor|railroad retir
labor|railroad strike
labor|railroad worker
labor|railway labor
labor|rais salari
labor|rate compens
labor|rate pay
labor|rate unemploy
labor|rate wage
labor|real job
labor|receiv compens
labor|receiv pay
labor|receiv pension
labor|receiv salari
labor|reduc salari
labor|reduc unemploy
labor|refus pay
labor|relief unemploy
labor|requir employ
labor|research laboratori
labor|retir account
labor|retir act
labor|retir age
labor|retir benefit
labor|retir board
labor|retir end
labor|retir fund
labor|retir incom
labor|retir list
labor|retir militari
labor|retir offic
labor|retir pay
labor|retir plan
labor|retir program
labor|retir save
labor|retir secur
labor|retir system
labor|retir year
labor|retire health
labor|right labor
labor|right strike
labor|right worker
labor|rise pay
labor|rise unemploy
labor|salari employe
labor|salari expens
labor|salari fix
labor|salari increas
labor|salari paid
labor|save job
labor|save retir
labor|secretari labor
labor|sector job
labor|secur retir
labor|senior pay
labor|servic employ
labor|servic employe
labor|servic job
labor|servic retir
labor|skill labor
labor|skill worker
labor|slave labor
labor|social worker
labor|special pay
labor|start pay
labor|state employ
labor|state employe
labor|state pay
labor|state unemploy
labor|still pay
labor|subcommitte employ
labor|subcommitte labor
labor|take job
labor|takehom pay
labor|taxpay union
labor|textil worker
labor|thousand job
labor|thousand worker
labor|time pay
labor|trade union
labor|train employ
labor|train job
labor|tremend job
labor|unemploy american
labor|unemploy among
labor|unemploy area
labor|unemploy benefit
labor|unemploy compens
labor|unemploy countri
labor|unemploy figur
labor|unemploy insur
labor|unemploy peopl
labor|unemploy problem
labor|unemploy rate
labor|unemploy relief
labor|unemploy situat
labor|unemploy state
labor|unemploy tax
labor|unemploy underemploy
labor|unemploy worker
labor|unfair labor
labor|union continu
labor|union leader
labor|union member
labor|union membership
labor|union must
labor|union offici
labor|union organ
labor|union repres
labor|union shop
labor|union unit
labor|upon pay
labor|upon retir
labor|us job
labor|us pay
labor|use pay
labor|veteran employ
labor|veteran pension
labor|vocat educ
labor|vocat rehabilit
labor|vocat school
labor|vocat train
labor|vote pay
labor|wage base
labor|wage benefit
labor|wage bill
labor|wage board
labor|wage earner
labor|wage hour
labor|wage increas
labor|wage job
labor|wage labor
labor|wage level
labor|wage paid
labor|wage rate
labor|wage salari
labor|wage worker
labor|want job
labor|want pay
labor|war labor
labor|way pay
labor|welfar payment
labor|whose job
labor|wish pay
labor|without compens
labor|without job
labor|without pay
labor|wonder job
labor|worker america
labor|worker american
labor|worker compens
labor|worker countri
labor|worker earn
labor|worker employ
labor|worker famili
labor|worker get
labor|worker go
labor|worker job
labor|worker lose
labor|worker lost
labor|worker make
labor|worker need
labor|worker pay
labor|worker program
labor|worker protect
labor|worker receiv
labor|worker right
labor|worker union
labor|workmen compens
labor|year pay
labor|year retir
labor|year salari
labor|youth employ
labor|youth unemploy
mail|air mail
mail|assist postmast
mail|assist postmastergener
mail|carri mail
mail|class mail
mail|deliv mail
mail|deliveri mail
mail|direct mail
mail|employe postal
mail|fast mail
mail|firstclass mail
mail|foreign mail
mail|fourthclass postmast
mail|increas postal
mail|mail carri
mail|mail clerk
mail|mail contract
mail|mail deliveri
mail|mail facil
mail|mail list
mail|mail matter
mail|mail order
mail|mail pay
mail|mail rate
mail|mail receiv
mail|mail rout
mail|mail servic
mail|mass mail
mail|ocean mail
mail|pacif mail
mail|postag rate
mail|postag stamp
mail|postal car
mail|postal card
mail|postal clerk
mail|postal deficit
mail|postal employe
mail|postal facil
mail|postal pay
mail|postal rate
mail|postal receipt
mail|postal reform
mail|postal reorgan
mail|postal save
mail|postal servic
mail|postal system
mail|postal worker
mail|postmast general
mail|postoffic build
mail|postoffic depart
mail|railway mail
mail|railway postal
mail|rate postag
mail|receiv mail
mail|rural freedeliveri
mail|secondclass mail
mail|state mail
mail|thirdclass mail
mail|transport mail
mail|treasuri postal
mail|use mail
minorities|abort right
minorities|achiev equal
minorities|advanc color
minorities|african american
minorities|age discrimin
minorities|allow women
minorities|american indian
minorities|american jewish
minorities|american women
minorities|among indian
minorities|among women
minorities|amount equal
minorities|appli equal
minorities|batter women
minorities|benefit indian
minorities|bureau indian
minorities|care women
minorities|cheroke nation
minorities|choctaw chickasaw
minorities|choctaw nation
minorities|civil right
minorities|civil tribe
minorities|color children
minorities|color creed
minorities|color men
minorities|color nation
minorities|color peopl
minorities|color religion
minorities|color skin
minorities|color voter
minorities|commission indian
minorities|creat equal
minorities|creed color
minorities|deni equal
minorities|desegreg plan
minorities|desegreg public
minorities|desegreg school
minorities|discrimin base
minorities|discrimin basi
minorities|discrimin duti
minorities|discrimin employ
minorities|discrimin favor
minorities|discrimin women
minorities|discrimin workplac
minorities|discriminatori practic
minorities|educ indian
minorities|elimin discrimin
minorities|employ discrimin
minorities|end discrimin
minorities|ensur equal
minorities|ensur women
minorities|equal access
minorities|equal amount
minorities|equal applic
minorities|equal basi
minorities|equal clear
minorities|equal concern
minorities|equal differ
minorities|equal educ
minorities|equal employ
minorities|equal fee
minorities|equal import
minorities|equal justic
minorities|equal number
minorities|equal opportun
minorities|equal pay
minorities|equal protect
minorities|equal represent
minorities|equal right
minorities|equal term
minorities|equal treatment
minorities|equal true
minorities|equal valu
minorities|facto segreg
minorities|filipino peopl
minorities|first african
minorities|first africanamerican
minorities|full equal
minorities|give equal
minorities|give women
minorities|guarante equal
minorities|hate crime
minorities|hate see
minorities|hawaiian govern
minorities|hawaiian island
minorities|help women
minorities|indian agent
minorities|indian bureau
minorities|indian children
minorities|indian claim
minorities|indian communiti
minorities|indian countri
minorities|indian educ
minorities|indian game
minorities|indian govern
minorities|indian health
minorities|indian indian
minorities|indian nation
minorities|indian offic
minorities|indian peopl
minorities|indian reserv
minorities|indian right
minorities|indian school
minorities|indian servic
minorities|indian territori
minorities|indian tribal
minorities|indian tribe
minorities|indian war
minorities|insur equal
minorities|interest equal
minorities|interest indian
minorities|jew soviet
minorities|jewish citizen
minorities|jewish communiti
minorities|jewish emigr
minorities|jewish faith
minorities|jewish peopl
minorities|justic equal
minorities|leagu women
minorities|local tribal
minorities|lowincom women
minorities|made indian
minorities|mani women
minorities|men women
minorities|million jew
minorities|million women
minorities|nation women
minorities|nativ hawaiian
minorities|navajo indian
minorities|negro children
minorities|negro citizen
minorities|negro popul
minorities|negro vote
minorities|number negro
minorities|number women
minorities|older women
minorities|opportun women
minorities|pay equal
minorities|peopl color
minorities|peopl philippin
minorities|percent negro
minorities|percent women
minorities|philippin peopl
minorities|philippin scout
minorities|poor women
minorities|pregnant woman
minorities|pregnant women
minorities|principl equal
minorities|program women
minorities|prohibit discrimin
minorities|protect women
minorities|provid equal
minorities|racial discrimin
minorities|racial segreg
minorities|right abort
minorities|right act
minorities|right activist
minorities|right equal
minorities|right indian
minorities|right women
minorities|said indian
minorities|school desegreg
minorities|school segreg
minorities|segreg public
minorities|segreg school
minorities|servic women
minorities|servicemen women
minorities|sex discrimin
minorities|sioux tribe
minorities|soviet jew
minorities|soviet jewish
minorities|soviet jewri
minorities|state indian
minorities|thousand women
minorities|tribal colleg
minorities|tribal fund
minorities|tribal govern
minorities|tribe indian
minorities|tribe state
minorities|unjust discrimin
minorities|upon indian
minorities|violenc women
minorities|vote right
minorities|without discrimin
minorities|woman health
minorities|woman right
minorities|women access
minorities|women across
minorities|women act
minorities|women age
minorities|women america
minorities|women arm
minorities|women around
minorities|women busi
minorities|women children
minorities|women club
minorities|women come
minorities|women countri
minorities|women earn
minorities|women equal
minorities|women face
minorities|women famili
minorities|women fight
minorities|women get
minorities|women girl
minorities|women go
minorities|women harm
minorities|women health
minorities|women histori
minorities|women infant
minorities|women issu
minorities|women like
minorities|women made
minorities|women make
minorities|women men
minorities|women militari
minorities|women nation
minorities|women need
minorities|women put
minorities|women receiv
minorities|women right
minorities|women serv
minorities|women still
minorities|women uniform
minorities|women unit
minorities|women veteran
minorities|women voter
minorities|women want
minorities|women women
minorities|womenown busi
money|addit dollar
money|american dollar
money|amount gold
money|amount silver
money|back treasuri
money|care dollar
money|cash assist
money|cash balanc
money|cash benefit
money|cash payment
money|cent dollar
money|cent gold
money|circul note
money|coin bullion
money|coin gold
money|coin silver
money|coin unit
money|coinag gold
money|coinag silver
money|come treasuri
money|commemor coin
money|comptrol treasuri
money|congression gold
money|constant dollar
money|cost treasuri
money|cover treasuri
money|defens dollar
money|demonet silver
money|depart treasuri
money|devalu dollar
money|dollar american
money|dollar amount
money|dollar annual
money|dollar appropri
money|dollar author
money|dollar avail
money|dollar bill
money|dollar coin
money|dollar come
money|dollar cost
money|dollar dollar
money|dollar earn
money|dollar everi
money|dollar expend
money|dollar feder
money|dollar figur
money|dollar foreign
money|dollar fund
money|dollar get
money|dollar go
money|dollar gold
money|dollar half
money|dollar help
money|dollar increas
money|dollar invest
money|dollar just
money|dollar limit
money|dollar make
money|dollar need
money|dollar one
money|dollar paid
money|dollar pay
money|dollar program
money|dollar provid
money|dollar put
money|dollar quarter
money|dollar save
money|dollar silver
money|dollar spend
money|dollar spent
money|dollar state
money|dollar tax
money|dollar taxpay
money|dollar treasuri
money|dollar use
money|dollar valu
money|dollar wast
money|dollar worth
money|dollar year
money|feder dollar
money|feder treasuri
money|fiscal monetari
money|fund treasuri
money|general treasuri
money|get dollar
money|go treasuri
money|gold basi
money|gold bullion
money|gold certif
money|gold coin
money|gold countri
money|gold dollar
money|gold gold
money|gold medal
money|gold mine
money|gold reserv
money|gold silver
money|gold standard
money|gold suppli
money|gold treasuri
money|half dollar
money|intern monetari
money|issu note
money|issu silver
money|legal tender
money|legaltend note
money|make silver
money|mani dollar
money|monetari fiscal
money|monetari fund
money|monetari polici
money|monetari system
money|monetari valu
money|nation treasuri
money|nationalbank note
money|note bill
money|number dollar
money|offic treasuri
money|ounc silver
money|paid gold
money|paid treasuri
money|par gold
money|pariti gold
money|pay gold
money|payabl coin
money|payabl gold
money|payment system
money|public treasuri
money|purchas silver
money|put dollar
money|real dollar
money|redeem gold
money|remonet silver
money|reserv note
money|restor silver
money|return treasuri
money|revenu treasuri
money|save dollar
money|secretari treasuri
money|side coin
money|silver bullion
money|silver certif
money|silver coin
money|silver coinag
money|silver dollar
money|silver gold
money|silver purchas
money|silver question
money|silver silver
money|silver standard
money|silver world
money|singl gold
money|spend dollar
money|standard dollar
money|standard silver
money|state treasuri
money|subsidiari coin
money|surplus treasuri
money|tender payment
money|term dollar
money|treasuri author
money|treasuri bill
money|treasuri borrow
money|treasuri depart
money|treasuri note
money|treasuri pay
money|treasuri postal
money|treasuri secretari
money|treasuri unit
money|two dollar
money|unlimit coinag
money|upon gold
money|use gold
money|use silver
money|valu dollar
money|valu gold
money|valu silver
money|worth silver
religion|american jewish
religion|cathol school
religion|christian scienc
religion|color religion
religion|establish religion
religion|ethnic religi
religion|exercis religion
religion|freedom religion
religion|intern religi
religion|jew soviet
religion|jewish citizen
religion|jewish communiti
religion|jewish emigr
religion|jewish faith
religion|jewish peopl
religion|million jew
religion|polit religi
religion|practic religion
religion|prayer breakfast
religion|prayer famili
religion|prayer go
religion|prayer school
religion|protect religi
religion|racial religi
religion|radic islam
religion|religi activ
religion|religi belief
religion|religi faith
religion|religi freedom
religion|religi group
religion|religi institut
religion|religi leader
religion|religi liberti
religion|religi organ
religion|religi persecut
religion|religi polit
religion|religi school
religion|religion nation
religion|religion sex
religion|right religi
religion|roman cathol
religion|school prayer
religion|soviet jew
religion|soviet jewish
religion|soviet jewri
religion|thought prayer
religion|voluntari prayer
tax|abus tax
tax|addit tax
tax|allow tax
tax|allow taxpay
tax|amend tax
tax|american tax
tax|american taxpay
tax|amount tax
tax|anoth tax
tax|averag tax
tax|averag taxpay
tax|avoid tax
tax|away tax
tax|back tax
tax|back taxpay
tax|believ tax
tax|benefit tax
tax|big tax
tax|biggest tax
tax|bill tax
tax|billion tax
tax|billion taxpay
tax|bipartisan tax
tax|board tax
tax|budget tax
tax|burden tax
tax|burden taxat
tax|burden taxpay
tax|busi tax
tax|care tax
tax|cent tax
tax|certain tax
tax|chang tax
tax|cigarett tax
tax|class tax
tax|close tax
tax|collect tax
tax|come tax
tax|comprehens tax
tax|consid tax
tax|consum taxpay
tax|consumpt tax
tax|continu tax
tax|corpor tax
tax|cost tax
tax|cost taxpay
tax|countri tax
tax|credit tax
tax|current tax
tax|death tax
tax|debat tax
tax|deduct tax
tax|develop tax
tax|direct tax
tax|direct taxat
tax|dollar tax
tax|dollar taxpay
tax|doubl taxat
tax|earnedincom tax
tax|educ tax
tax|effect tax
tax|elimin tax
tax|employ tax
tax|enact tax
tax|energi tax
tax|ensur taxpay
tax|equal tax
tax|estat gift
tax|estat tax
tax|estim tax
tax|everi taxpay
tax|excessprofit tax
tax|excis tax
tax|exempt tax
tax|exempt taxat
tax|exist tax
tax|expens taxpay
tax|expir tax
tax|extend tax
tax|extens tax
tax|fact tax
tax|famili tax
tax|favor tax
tax|feder estat
tax|feder tax
tax|feder taxat
tax|feder taxpay
tax|fica tax
tax|file tax
tax|flat tax
tax|foreign tax
tax|form tax
tax|fuel tax
tax|fund tax
tax|gas tax
tax|gasolin tax
tax|general tax
tax|get tax
tax|gift tax
tax|give tax
tax|give taxpay
tax|go tax
tax|govern tax
tax|govern taxpay
tax|hardearn tax
tax|hardwork taxpay
tax|head tax
tax|hidden tax
tax|high tax
tax|higher tax
tax|huge tax
tax|import tax
tax|impos tax
tax|includ tax
tax|incom taxpay
tax|incometax return
tax|increas tax
tax|increas taxat
tax|individu tax
tax|individu taxpay
tax|inherit tax
tax|interest tax
tax|interest taxpay
tax|intern tax
tax|internalrevenu tax
tax|internet tax
tax|invest tax
tax|issu tax
tax|job tax
tax|joint tax
tax|just tax
tax|keep tax
tax|know tax
tax|larg tax
tax|largest tax
tax|less tax
tax|like tax
tax|limit tax
tax|local tax
tax|local taxpay
tax|look tax
tax|loss tax
tax|lower tax
tax|make tax
tax|massiv tax
tax|meaning tax
tax|medicar tax
tax|middleclass tax
tax|middleincom taxpay
tax|million tax
tax|million taxpay
tax|minimum tax
tax|much tax
tax|nation tax
tax|nation taxpay
tax|need tax
tax|net tax
tax|normal tax
tax|nuisanc tax
tax|offer tax
tax|oil tax
tax|one tax
tax|opportun tax
tax|oppos tax
tax|paid tax
tax|paid taxpay
tax|pass tax
tax|pay estat
tax|pay tax
tax|payment tax
tax|payrol tax
tax|penalti tax
tax|peopl tax
tax|percent tax
tax|percent taxpay
tax|perman tax
tax|place tax
tax|poll tax
tax|present tax
tax|presid tax
tax|process tax
tax|product tax
tax|profit tax
tax|program tax
tax|progress tax
tax|properti tax
tax|propos tax
tax|protect taxpay
tax|provid tax
tax|provis tax
tax|put tax
tax|rais tax
tax|rate tax
tax|rate taxat
tax|real tax
tax|receiv tax
tax|reduc tax
tax|reduc taxat
tax|reduct tax
tax|reform tax
tax|refund tax
tax|regress tax
tax|relief tax
tax|remov tax
tax|repeal tax
tax|report tax
tax|result tax
tax|revenu tax
tax|revenu taxat
tax|right tax
tax|said tax
tax|sale tax
tax|save taxpay
tax|secur tax
tax|see tax
tax|sever tax
tax|share tax
tax|signific tax
tax|simplifi tax
tax|socal tax
tax|socialsecur tax
tax|special tax
tax|spend tax
tax|spend taxpay
tax|stamp tax
tax|state tax
tax|state taxpay
tax|subject tax
tax|subject taxat
tax|substanti tax
tax|support tax
tax|system taxat
tax|take tax
tax|talk tax
tax|target tax
tax|tariff tax
tax|tariff taxat
tax|tax act
tax|tax advantag
tax|tax alreadi
tax|tax also
tax|tax american
tax|tax amount
tax|tax appeal
tax|tax appli
tax|tax assess
tax|tax author
tax|tax automobil
tax|tax avoid
tax|tax base
tax|tax believ
tax|tax benefit
tax|tax bill
tax|tax bracket
tax|tax break
tax|tax burden
tax|tax busi
tax|tax capit
tax|tax chang
tax|tax code
tax|tax collect
tax|tax collector
tax|tax come
tax|tax corpor
tax|tax cost
tax|tax countri
tax|tax court
tax|tax credit
tax|tax deduct
tax|tax delinqu
tax|tax dollar
tax|tax dont
tax|tax due
tax|tax duti
tax|tax effort
tax|tax equiti
tax|tax evas
tax|tax even
tax|tax everi
tax|tax exempt
tax|tax expenditur
tax|tax extend
tax|tax fact
tax|tax famili
tax|tax feder
tax|tax first
tax|tax form
tax|tax freedom
tax|tax fund
tax|tax gasolin
tax|tax get
tax|tax go
tax|tax govern
tax|tax high
tax|tax higher
tax|tax hike
tax|tax import
tax|tax impos
tax|tax incent
tax|tax incom
tax|tax increas
tax|tax individu
tax|tax interest
tax|tax internet
tax|tax issu
tax|tax just
tax|tax know
tax|tax legisl
tax|tax liabil
tax|tax like
tax|tax limit
tax|tax loophol
tax|tax loss
tax|tax make
tax|tax mani
tax|tax matter
tax|tax measur
tax|tax middl
tax|tax much
tax|tax must
tax|tax need
tax|tax oil
tax|tax one
tax|tax order
tax|tax owe
tax|tax packag
tax|tax paid
tax|tax pass
tax|tax pay
tax|tax payment
tax|tax penalti
tax|tax peopl
tax|tax place
tax|tax plan
tax|tax polici
tax|tax prefer
tax|tax presid
tax|tax problem
tax|tax profit
tax|tax program
tax|tax properti
tax|tax propos
tax|tax provid
tax|tax provis
tax|tax purpos
tax|tax put
tax|tax rais
tax|tax rate
tax|tax receipt
tax|tax reduc
tax|tax reduct
tax|tax reform
tax|tax refund
tax|tax regul
tax|tax relief
tax|tax repeal
tax|tax requir
tax|tax revenu
tax|tax revis
tax|tax roll
tax|tax rule
tax|tax sale
tax|tax save
tax|tax shelter
tax|tax simplif
tax|tax social
tax|tax spend
tax|tax state
tax|tax structur
tax|tax subsidi
tax|tax support
tax|tax system
tax|tax take
tax|tax tax
tax|tax think
tax|tax time
tax|tax tobacco
tax|tax treatment
tax|tax upon
tax|tax use
tax|tax want
tax|tax way
tax|tax wealthi
tax|tax without
tax|tax year
tax|taxabl incom
tax|taxabl year
tax|taxat upon
tax|taxat without
tax|taxexempt organ
tax|taxexempt secur
tax|taxexempt status
tax|taxpay america
tax|taxpay bill
tax|taxpay countri
tax|taxpay dollar
tax|taxpay expens
tax|taxpay fund
tax|taxpay get
tax|taxpay go
tax|taxpay make
tax|taxpay must
tax|taxpay nation
tax|taxpay pay
tax|taxpay protect
tax|taxpay right
tax|taxpay subsid
tax|taxpay subsidi
tax|taxpay union
tax|taxpay unit
tax|think tax
tax|time tax
tax|tobacco tax
tax|total tax
tax|trillion tax
tax|tuition tax
tax|unemploy tax
tax|unfair tax
tax|upon tax
tax|upon taxpay
tax|us tax
tax|use tax
tax|use taxpay
tax|user tax
tax|vote tax
tax|want tax
tax|war tax
tax|wast taxpay
tax|way tax
tax|whether tax
tax|withhold tax
tax|without tax
tax|year tax
trade|ad valorem
trade|agreement tariff
trade|agreement trade
trade|agricultur trade
trade|american trade
trade|balanc trade
trade|barrier trade
trade|believ tariff
trade|bilater trade
trade|billion trade
trade|board trade
trade|build trade
trade|carri trade
trade|cent tariff
trade|chang tariff
trade|channel trade
trade|china trade
trade|coastwis trade
trade|collect duti
trade|compensatori duti
trade|countri trade
trade|custom duti
trade|discrimin duti
trade|discuss tariff
trade|drug trade
trade|duti collect
trade|duti import
trade|duti impos
trade|duti impost
trade|duti increas
trade|duti manufactur
trade|duti sugar
trade|duti wool
trade|dutiabl list
trade|eastwest trade
trade|enforc trade
trade|exist tariff
trade|expand trade
trade|export duti
trade|export trade
trade|favor tariff
trade|feder trade
trade|foreign trade
trade|futur trade
trade|global trade
trade|high tariff
trade|import duti
trade|import trade
trade|increas duti
trade|increas tariff
trade|increas trade
trade|intern trade
trade|largest trade
trade|lower duti
trade|lower tariff
trade|made tariff
trade|make tariff
trade|merchandis trade
trade|mostfavoredn trade
trade|multilater trade
trade|nation trade
trade|negoti trade
trade|nontariff barrier
trade|normal trade
trade|open trade
trade|pass tariff
trade|pay duti
trade|pay tariff
trade|paynealdrich bill
trade|paynealdrich tariff
trade|polici trade
trade|present tariff
trade|propos tariff
trade|protect tariff
trade|put tariff
trade|rais duti
trade|rais tariff
trade|rate duti
trade|reciproc trade
trade|recommend tariff
trade|reduc duti
trade|reduc tariff
trade|reduc trade
trade|reduct duti
trade|reduct tariff
trade|refer tariff
trade|remov duti
trade|report tariff
trade|restraint trade
trade|restrict trade
trade|revenu duti
trade|revenu tariff
trade|revis tariff
trade|schedul tariff
trade|smoothawley tariff
trade|special trade
trade|state tariff
trade|state trade
trade|subject tariff
trade|support trade
trade|talk trade
trade|tariff act
trade|tariff board
trade|tariff commiss
trade|tariff duti
trade|tariff import
trade|tariff legisl
trade|tariff make
trade|tariff measur
trade|tariff polici
trade|tariff protect
trade|tariff question
trade|tariff rate
trade|tariff reduct
trade|tariff reform
trade|tariff revenu
trade|tariff revis
trade|tariff schedul
trade|tariff sugar
trade|tariff system
trade|tariff tax
trade|tariff taxat
trade|tariff trade
trade|tariff upon
trade|tariff wool
trade|tax duti
trade|trade act
trade|trade adjust
trade|trade agreement
trade|trade area
trade|trade associ
trade|trade balanc
trade|trade barrier
trade|trade bill
trade|trade busi
trade|trade center
trade|trade china
trade|trade commerc
trade|trade commiss
trade|trade communist
trade|trade compani
trade|trade competit
trade|trade countri
trade|trade cuba
trade|trade deficit
trade|trade develop
trade|trade econom
trade|trade embargo
trade|trade enemi
trade|trade expans
trade|trade imbal
trade|trade industri
trade|trade invest
trade|trade issu
trade|trade legisl
trade|trade nation
trade|trade negoti
trade|trade opportun
trade|trade partner
trade|trade polici
trade|trade posit
trade|trade practic
trade|trade prefer
trade|trade problem
trade|trade program
trade|trade promot
trade|trade reform
trade|trade relat
trade|trade relationship
trade|trade repres
trade|trade restrict
trade|trade sanction
trade|trade soviet
trade|trade status
trade|trade subcommitte
trade|trade surplus
trade|trade system
trade|trade talk
trade|trade treati
trade|trade union
trade|trade unit
trade|trade war
trade|trade zone
trade|tradeagr program
trade|unfair trade
trade|upon tariff
trade|use trade
trade|valorem duti
trade|valorem equival
trade|valorem rate
trade|vote tariff
trade|war trade
trade|world trade
trade|write tariff
